


DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION








































 
Home > About Dimerco > Chairman's Address 


























 





 


There is no free lunch. 
                    Dreams and devotion are what we insist on our road to success.
Dreams...
                      Just when computerization was at its onset to boom some twenty years ago while most service providers were unable to offer customized services, Dimerco was founded with commitments to render ‘quality, professional, customer-satisfactory services'.
Looking forward to perpetual operations, we have given up hot money but offered the fullest assistances to customers to enable the greatest efficacy of computerization and help them establish absolutely competitive strengths in respective fields. Believing in that the ‘total customer satisfaction is the true success to Dimerco,' words of mouth from customers have witnessed the dreams of Dimerco have finally come true.
The annually rising capital and appraise from fellow businesses mark the accomplishments of our total devotion. Our efforts and dedications are rewarded by winning several Best Dealer Awards and Best Customer Satisfaction Awards from the IBM and the accreditation of the ISO-9001.
The Turn...
                      Though the initiation of the westward movement has opened a new chapter to the scale of operations, scope of services and the commitments to constant creations of added values of Dimerco; the ambition to perpetual operations, professionals, customized services and the spirit to continuous R&D are always the most important asset and eternal commitments of Dimerco. 

Computer technology advances every day. And today's achievements influence tomorrow's growth.
                      That is why continued growth of corporations relies on a shared Vision.
                      We have now set our sights on a future that reaches beyond the Taiwan market.
As long as we continue to achieve substantial sales, maintain a positive reputation,
                      and receive ISO and CMMI Certification, we will realize our dream of delivering “Professional quality and customer satisfaction. “Our future plan is to expand our ”Innovation Development”.
                      To accomplish this, we will integrate internal and external resources, set up project teams, invest in
                      innovative research and development, train employees to gain new knowledge and provide the latest
                      information to customers. It is our mission to assist our clients establish a strong foundation in Taiwan in order to expand into international markets.
Only time will tell if we will be successful. Today, we are, grateful that our customers have giver us the opportunity to work with them. But we are not content with our past achievements.
                      Our future is tied closely with our customer's future. Out Vision is to welcome the next millennium by integrating resources. We have set our sights on the future and are looking forward to continuing to work together with clients to make our dream come true.
 








 





Copyright 2008 © Dimerco Data System, co. All Rights Reserved







中菲電腦股份有限公司











































 

 

 


 














從一個夢想出發
                          二十幾年前企業電腦化腳步如火如荼展開，在電腦公司普遍缺乏客製化...





















                              我們服務客戶的第一步，就是傾聽與觀察，用心發現客戶的真正需求。站在客戶的立場...





















 重要投資訊息請查閱下列資訊...











 

















 




 






版權所有 Copyright 2009 © 中菲電腦股份有限公司 本網站內容享有著作權，禁止侵害，違者必究。







中菲電腦股份有限公司











































 

 

 


 














從一個夢想出發
                          二十幾年前企業電腦化腳步如火如荼展開，在電腦公司普遍缺乏客製化...





















                              我們服務客戶的第一步，就是傾聽與觀察，用心發現客戶的真正需求。站在客戶的立場...





















 重要投資訊息請查閱下列資訊...











 

















 




 






版權所有 Copyright 2009 © 中菲電腦股份有限公司 本網站內容享有著作權，禁止侵害，違者必究。







中菲電腦股份有限公司











































 

 

 


 














從一個夢想出發
                          二十幾年前企業電腦化腳步如火如荼展開，在電腦公司普遍缺乏客製化...





















                              我們服務客戶的第一步，就是傾聽與觀察，用心發現客戶的真正需求。站在客戶的立場...





















 重要投資訊息請查閱下列資訊...











 

















 




 






版權所有 Copyright 2009 © 中菲電腦股份有限公司 本網站內容享有著作權，禁止侵害，違者必究。











DIMERCO - Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist














Toggle navigation









 Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist












 
English
繁中
简中

 






















































Tracking




                    Air (ex. DIM + 9 Number)
                  



Track




                    Ocean (ex. DFS + 9 Number)
                  



Track

Login 
              


Business Intelligence


                What's This?
                



Login

Registration






 
              
IT Capability






Video

If you cannot view or play this video, please check here.



Market Focus & Special Promotion


China MarketAs "DIMERCO - Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist,“ Dimerco is constantly growing with its customers and partners by providing time-defined international freight forwarding services as well as designing, implementing customized logistics management solutions.

India MarketDue to the growth of market demand in India, Dimerco has entered the rising Indian market to strengthen our service network and capabilities in order to better meet the requirements from our customers. 

Vietnam MarketAs a Class A Licensed cargo agent, Dimerco Vietfracht (JV) Co., LTD. is ready in partnership to provide you all kinds of international logistics services in/out Vietnam.







Network Search



Country
---
AUSTRALIA
AUSTRIA
AZERBAIJAN
BANGLADESH
BELGIUM
BRAZIL
BRUNEI DARUSSALAM
BULGARIA
CAMBODIA
CANADA
CHINA
COLOMBIA
CZECH REPUBLIC
DENMARK
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC
EGYPT
EL SALVADOR
FINLAND
FRANCE
GEORGIA
GERMANY
GUATEMALA
HONDURAS
HONG KONG
HUNGARY
INDIA
INDONESIA
IRELAND
ISRAEL
ITALY
JAPAN
MALAYSIA
MEXICO
MYANMAR
NEPAL
NETHERLANDS
NEW ZEALAND
NICARAGUA
NORWAY
PAKISTAN
PHILIPPINES
POLAND
PORTUGAL
PUERTO RICO
ROMANIA
SINGAPORE
SLOVAKIA
SLOVENIA
SOUTH KOREA
SPAIN
SRI LANKA
SWEDEN
SWITZERLAND
TAIWAN
THAILAND
TURKEY
U.S.A.
UKRAINE
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
UNITED KINGDOM
VIET NAM



City
---
Aguadilla
Ahmedabad
Alexandria
Alicante
Amsterdam
Ankara
Antalya
Antwerpen
Atlanta
Auckland
Baku
Baltimore
Bandar Seri Begawan
Bangalore
Bangkok
Bao An
Barcelona
Bari
Basel
Batam
Beijing
Belfast
Bilbao
Bloomington
Bogota
Bolzano
Boston
Bratislava
Bremen
BRESCIA
Budapest
Bursa
Busan
Cairo
Campinas
Cebu
Changchun
Changsha
Changshu
Changzhou
Chengdu
Chennai
Chiangmai
Chicago
Chittagong
Chongqing
Christchurch
Cluj-Napoca
Cochin
Coimbatore
Colombo
COMO
Constanta
Copenhagen
Da Nang
Dalian
Dallas
Denizli
Denver
Dhaka
Dongguan
Dubai
Dublin
Dusseldorf
Eskisehir
Faisalabad
Fenggang
Firenze (Florence)
Foshan
Frankfurt am Main
Fuzhou
Gaziantep
Greensboro
Guadalajara
Guanajuato
Guangzhou
Guarulhos Apt/Sao Paulo
Guatemala City
Hai Phong
Haidian
Hamburg
Hangzhou
Hanoi
Harbin
Hefei
Helsingborg-Angelholm Apt
Helsinki
Ho Chi Minh City
Hong Kong
Hsinchu
Huangpu
Huizhou
Huzhou
Hyderabad
Incheon
Indianapolis
Innsbruck
Ipoh
Islamabad
Istanbul
Itajai
Izmir
Jakarta
Jiaxing
Jinan
Johor Bahru
Kansas City
Kaohsiung
Karachi
Kathmandu
Kolkata (ex Calcutta)
Konya
Kuala Lumpur
Kuching, Sarawak
Kun Shan 
Kunming
Laem Chabang
Lahore
LangFang
Lansing
Las Palmas
Le Havre
Leeds
LianYunGang
Linz
Lisbon
Ljubljana
London
Long Beach
Los Angeles
Luoyang
Madrid
Managua
Manaus
Manchester
Manila
Melbourne
Memphis
Mersin
Metuchen
Mexico City
Miami
Milano (Milan)
Monterrey
Montreal 
Multan
Mumbai (ex Bombay)
MUNICH
Nanjing
Nantong
New Delhi
New York
Newcastle
Ningbo
Norfolk
NUREMBERG
Odessa
Osaka
Oslo
PADOVA
Panyu
Paranagua
Paris
Pau
Penang
Peshawar
Philadelphia
Phnom Penh
Port Said
Portland
Porto
Porto Alegre
poti
Prague
Pune
Qingdao
Qinhuangdao
Quanzhou
Roma
Rotterdam
Salt Lake City
Samsun
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose 
San Juan
San Pedro Sula
San Salvador
Santo Domingo
Santos
Sao Paulo
Satolas Apt/Lyon
Seattle
Seoul
Shanghai
Shannon
Shenyang
Shenzhen
Shunde
Sialkot
Singapore
Sofia
St Louis
Stuttgart
Subic
Surabaya
Suzhou 
Sydney
Taicang
Taichung
Tainan
Taipei
Taizhou
Taoyuan
Tbilisi
Tel Aviv-Yafo
Tianjin
Timisoara
Tirupur
Tokyo
Torino (Turin)
Toronto
Toulouse
Trabzon
TRENTO
TREVISO
Trieste
Tuticorin
Valencia
Vancouver 
Verona
Vienna
Walnut Creek 
Warszawa (WARSAW)
Wellington
Wenzhou
Wiener Neudorf
Wu Han
Wu Xi
Wuhu
XI AN
Xiamen
Yan Tai
Yancheng
Yangon
Yangzhou
Yantian
Yinchuan
Yizhuang
Zhengzhou
ZhongShan
Zhuhai
Zurich





 All

Air

Ocean

Logistics & Warehousing




Find Us



News


2017/07/20Mr. Edward Lin of Dimerco Express Group spoke at Summer Economic Forum held by CommonWealth Magazine on July 20 in Taipei

2017/06/14Dimerco Takes a Dynamic Approach to Oversize Freight Project

2017/06/08Dimerco Hosts 2017 Annual Shareholders' Meeting

2017/06/08Dimerco interview posted on Cargo Talk in India [June 2017 edition]

 Subscribe >>
Read more









































Dimerco - Wikipedia






















 






Dimerco

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article is an orphan, as no other articles link to it. Please introduce links to this page from related articles; try the Find link tool for suggestions. (October 2015)







This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (June 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Dimerco Express Group





Type

Public Listed Company


Traded as
DIMERCO


Industry
International Transportation and Logistics


Founded
1971


Headquarters
Taipei, Taiwan



Key people


Mr. Paul Chien- Chairman
Mr. Edward Lin- CEO, Chief Executive Officer


Services
Express Logistics


Revenue
US$ 501 million (2016 audited)



Net income

US$ 4.33 million (2015)


Total assets
US$ 122.71 million (2015)


Total equity
US$ 62.83 million (2015)



Number of employees

2030 (as of February 2017)


Divisions

DFS (Diversified Freight System)










Website
http://www.dimerco.com


The company was established on Jul. 15 in 1971. The name “Dimerco” is an abbreviation for “Diversified Merchandise Corporation” which provides integrated transport solutions with focus on total logistics service.
The group has been focusing on China markets since 1991. The Group’s network spans across Asia pacific, North America and Europe, with over 300 service outlets in 58 countries (and over 143 owned offices in 17 countries). Dimerco is IATA Cargo Agent, ISO/PAS 28000, NVOCC Licensed, Class A Licensed in China, C-TPAT (Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism) and AEO (Authorized economic operator) certified.[1]




Dimerco's headquarter, in Taiwan





Contents


1 History

1.1 1971-1984
1.2 1985-1995
1.3 1996-Present


2 Activity

2.1 Air freight
2.2 Ocean freight/DFS (Drop Fast, Steph!)
2.3 Locations of the activity


3 Awards
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
1971-1984[edit]
1971: Dimerco started as an airfreight service provider within Taiwan market. The first office was established in Taiwan, but Dimerco expanded its network overseas in New York, Hong Kong, Los Angeles, Chicago, London, and Singapore.[1]
1975: Dimerco became a member of the International Air Transportation Association (I.A.T.A.).
1985-1995[edit]
From 1985 to 1995, Dimerco expanded its network to the whole Asia Pacific region providing both air and ocean freight transport solutions.
1989: Dimerco implemented its airfreight IT system called "DIM" (Dimerco Information Management) consisting of Import & Export operation modules integrated with "Account Mate's A/R modules", a 3rd party's accounting system.
1992: Dimerco completed EDI connection with Taiwan's Customs in November as one of the pioneers to provide an electronic customs clearance service.
1996-Present[edit]
From 1996 to 2016, Dimerco keeps expanding its international network. The company provides transport services. Step by step, China & ASEAN have become major markets for the company in terms of activity volume. Dimerco regional offices headquartered in North America, China, Southeast Asia, Northeast Asia and Europe, to set directions and strategies via innovations and adjustments for the corporate management.
2001: Dimerco becomes the first forwarder and logistics service provider publicly listed in GreTai Securities Market( current name: Taipei Exchange/TPEx ) on 15 October.[2]
2002: Dimerco has an established network of more than 100 service locations worldwide. This includes own branch offices, Joint Ventures, and partner agents covering the China & South East Asia, North America, Europe, and Australia.
2012: Dimerco receives AEO(Authorized economic operator) Certification in Taiwan, recognizing the company as “a party involved in the international movement of goods in whatever function that has been approved by or on behalf of a national Customs administration as complying with WCO or equivalent supply chain security standards”.
2012: Dimerco acquires a US-based customs brokerage service company, MYK Global Service Inc. on Jan. 16, 2012.[3]
2013: In February 2013 Dimerco Express Netherlands B.V. was awarded AEO (Authorized economic operator) certification. With this status all AEO (Authorized economic operator) companies with similar program such as EU-US Joint Customs Cooperation Committee, and over 70 countries committed to implement the Framework of Standards to Secure and Facilitate Global Trade, customs facilitations and simplifications that can be achieved by AEO (Authorized economic operator) companies.[4]
2014: Consolidation Yield Management System(CYM)and Data Synchronization Method accredited with US and Taiwan patents recognition respectively .
2015: Per top 25 logistics providers of the "2014's Largest Forwarders by Air Freight Metric Tonnes", published by Air Cargo World (ACW)'s June issue, Dimerco was ranked no. 21.





Dimerco's Milestone



Activity[edit]
Dimerco is a global transporter, consultant and logistics service provider. The company provides various services such as: ocean freight, airfreight, logistics and warehousing, customs brokerage, trucking and global logistics supply chain management consultancy services.
Air freight[edit]




Air Freight Service


Airfreight is the core business of Dimerco Express Group. Dimerco’s airfreight service offers scheduled consolidation services, direct air carrier, airport-to-airport and door-to-door delivery features. The company built up many carriers’ partnerships to provide services.
Air carrier partners:

China airlines
EVA Air
Cathay Pacific Airways
Hong Kong Dragon Airlines
Korean Air
Air China

Ocean freight/DFS (Drop Fast, Steph!)[edit]




Ocean Freight Service


Ocean freight is the second core activity of the company. Diversified Freight System is an independent full-service division of Dimerco Express Group.
Ocean carrier partners:

Yang Ming Line
China Shipping Container Lines
Wan Hai Lines
Evergreen Marine
COSCO
Disney
Maersk
NYK
Hapag-Lloyd
APL
ZIM
TS Lines
CMA CGM
Sinotrans

Dimerco also offers a combination of Sea and Air service to transport cargo. Dimerco provides services including Vendor-managed inventory (VMI) Service, raw materials Distribution, finished goods distribution, reverse logistics and after sales logistics. It also provides distribution assortment, cross-docking, “just in time”, sequenced supply synchronized delivery management, and in-transit mixing product support.
Dimerco provides trucking in targeted locations. In 2006, Diversified Transportation (China) Co. Ltd. was established to fulfill the trucking service in China. Dimerco established cross-border trucking service in Southern Asia, China and North America.
Locations of the activity[edit]
Dimerco Express Group has more than 143 own offices in 17 different countries such as: the USA, Canada, UK, Netherlands, Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Philippine, China, Hong Kong, India, Australia and Taiwan.
Awards[edit]

Dimerco became one of the Top 20 Global Airfreight Forwarder and a leading 3PL provider in 2011.[5]
In 2011 based on the statistics generated by Common Wealth, the leading magazine of Taiwan, Dimerco Express Group has been ranked 76th out of the top 500 companies in Service Industry in Taiwan as well as ranked 963th of the top 1000 Enterprises of China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan in Y2011 by Common Wealth.[6]
The subsidiaries of Dimerco Express Group are recognized in Y2008 Top 100 International Freight Forwarders in China according to the China International Freight Forwarders Association (CIFA).[7]
Dimerco was ranked 22nd of Top 25 forwarders by Supply Chain Consultant Armstrong & Associates, Inc. based on Air Freight Tonnage in Year 2013. Since 2014, Dimerco starts to position as "Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist.
Dimerco has been accredited with the “China Well-Known Trademark”. Dimerco becomes the first Taiwan-based logistics company to be honored and anticipate this will bring a higher level of confidence to the industry.

References[edit]



^ a b http://www.scmp.com/article/1054589/dimerco-connects-china-world
^ http://www.securities.com/Public/company-profile/TW/Dimerco_Express__Taiwan__Corp__%e4%b8%ad%e8%8f%b2%e8%a1%8c%e8%88%aa%e7%a9%ba%e8%b4%a7%e8%bf%90%e6%89%bf%e6%8f%bd__en_1710616.html
^ http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dimerco-expands-logistics-services-with-second-customs-brokerage-office-in-the-us-167533025.html
^ http://www.gctl8.com/index.php?module=ShowCategory&CatNum=3&hl=Dimerco%2BNetherlands%2Bis%2Bofficially%2BAEO%2Bcertified
^ http://www.3plogistics.com/Dimerco_8-2011.htm
^ http://www.dimerco.com/dimerco/en/news01.asp?nid=160
^ http://www.cnfreight.org.cn/



External links[edit]

Official Website
Dimerco Express Group Overview





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dimerco&oldid=792058307"					
Categories: Companies of TaiwanCompanies based in TaipeiHidden categories: Orphaned articles from October 2015All orphaned articlesArticles with a promotional tone from June 2014All articles with a promotional tonePages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 06:05.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 













DIMERCO - Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist














Toggle navigation









 Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist












 
English
繁中
简中

 















   
            About Us
        
   
            Value & Vision
        
   
            Milestone
        
   
            History
        
   
            Financial Highlight
        
   
            Investor Relations
        
   
            Sustainability
        
   
            Leadership
        
   
            Brand Center
        
   
            News
        
   
            Video
        
   
            Career
        






 

2017
2016
2015
2014






07/20--Mr. Edward Lin of Dimerco Express Group spoke at Summer Economic Forum held by CommonWealth Magazine on July 20 in Taipei 
On July 20, 2017, Mr. Edward Lin, Chief Executive Officer of Dimerco Express Group was invited by CommonWealth, a leading Magazine in Taiwan, as a featured speaker at Summer Economic Forum “The Future．Coming, Ready or Not” in Regent Taipei. The forum brought together over 300 chief executives from a variety of industries and investors to network and share cutting edge concepts for the future of Asia.

Meeting the development strategy of the Taiwanese government on Southbound policy, Mr. Edward Lin shared market analysis and experience of ASEAN countries based on international logistics perspective. And in the forum, he also communicates with economists, industry experts and officers, such as Mr. Dau Anh Tuan, head of the Vietnam Chamber of Commerce and Industry (VCCI)'s Legal Department and Mr. Chun-yen Yu, Chairman of China Technical Consultants Incorporated (CTCI).


Photo Caption: Speech of Mr. Edward Lin, CEO of Dimerco Express Group




Photo Caption: Panel Speakers including Mr. Edward Lin (1st from the left), CEO of Dimerco, Mr. Chun-yen Yu (2nd from the left), Chairman of China Technical Consultants Incorporated (CTCI), Mr. Dau Anh Tuan (3rd from the left), head of the Vietnam Chamber of Commerce and Industry (VCCI)'s Legal Department and the Panel Host Ms. Sara Wu, Managing Editor of CommonWealth Magazine (1st from the right).

Forum Information: 
http://cwef.cw.com.tw/2017summer/
                                            



06/14--Dimerco Takes a Dynamic Approach to Oversize Freight Project 
Dimerco has demonstrated its flexibility and creative thinking to pull off a major freight project transporting over-sized cargo for a leading utility provider based in the Middle East.

Dimerco used its connections to minimize freight size and decrease the total cost of logistics to deliver shipments of pipe spools, destined for the Water Security Mega Reservoirs Project, achieving a cost saving on ocean freight around 9%.

The first step was sub-contracting with a packing company to solve the issue of boxing up pipe spools of differing sizes into 159 wooden cases with a total weight of 760,000kgs and size of 4,300cbm.

The cargo was then secured in the containers by a specialist lashing and tally company and delivered to the container yard. Having negotiated space guarantee with empty space supplement on 40’ Super Rack (SR) containers, which are larger and scarcer than 40’ Flat Rack (FR) containers, Dimerco split the cargo between 2 shipping lines with different targeted schedules in order to meet the customer’s budgets.

Once loaded, the vessels followed a route from South Korea to Middle East. At every stage, the carrier’s status and schedule had to be minutely monitored to ensure success for the end customer.  

Executing this highly complex cargo project relied heavily on Dimerco’s expertise, long term-relationships with carriers and extensive planning to achieve the aim of fewer containers filled to maximum capacity by layering between 6 and 7 pipe spools in each of the packing cases.  

All logistics were carefully mapped taking account of the location of the warehouses and terminals ensuring their close proximity to the trucking carriers.

The end result was the delivery of the project on time and within budget and a very happy customer. Commenting on its dynamic approach to the project, Mr. Eric Roh, Ocean Freight Director of Dimerco Express (Korea) Corp. said:
“Our mission is to achieve results for our customers using our professionalism, teamwork and flexibility to respond to and solve any arising issues. Our considerable experience in logistics planning enables us to make smart decisions such as opting for a container carrier rather than a bulk handling vessel; as the former has a more regular schedule and guarantees to deliver the consignment on time.
“As well as being keen negotiators and securing optimum freight costs, we were also able to make additional savings by selecting 40’ SR over 40’ FR. We always look to improve our services and are fully aware of the growth of the cross-border freight train route but know that for shipments to Middle East, the container ship option is still the best.”

Successfully handled one more significant project, Dimerco has again proved its vision to “be the most competitive global transportation & logistics service provider, integrator and consultant.”


Photo Caption: Dimerco studied and coordinated to pick up cargo from customer's factory in Busan, South Korea.


Photo Caption: Dimerco coordinated to load and lash wooden cases on Super Rack Container at its contracted warehouse in Busan, South Korea.

For more information, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/
                                            



06/08--Dimerco Hosts 2017 Annual Shareholders' Meeting 
First of all, on behalf of the Board of Directors, Chairman and the company management team would like to thank you for the great support and concern of Dimerco Express Group ever since a long time. We also appreciate you taking the time to attend the Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting. Taking this opportunity, we sincerely hope that all of you can support and urge us to continue constructing brand advantages, strengthening organization and innovating value. Dimerco Express Group staff will certainly make all-out effort to stabilize the growth of corporate performance, to reach the annual budget target, and to meet the shareholders’ expectations.

Dimerco Express Group has been continuously accelerating its global development plan. Currently, the company’s global network includes 148 offices worldwide. Dimerco Express Group provides multiple services that included both Dimerco Express (DIM) focuses on air freight services and Diversified Freight System (DFS) focuses on ocean freight services. The company coordinates the dual-brand strategy with our customized services including transportation, logistics, cargo insurance, import/export customs and inspections, domestic China transportation, cross-border road freight in Asia, Central European cross-border railway and cross-border e-commerce.

In 2016, the US economy has been gradually recovered; however, the economic development and growth are slowing down in the main markets such as China due to structural adjustment. Global economy and the fluctuations of currency exchange were becoming more unstable and unpredictable. Together with the international crude oil prices and fuel surcharge compared with the same period of last year was dropped by more than 10%, and FCL freight also simultaneously reduced. Dimerco Express Group won the award of “Airfreight Forwarder of the Year 2016” from Air Cargo Week (ACW) while we are celebrating our 45th year anniversary. Dimerco sincerely appreciate all our colleagues’ effort. Dimerco Express Group’s air tonnage increase 8% compared to the previous year, while the ocean tonnage dramatically increase 26%. The sales revenue only increased 3.9% yet the net profit after tax increased 97.1%. Dimerco’s gross profit margin increased from 15.1% in the previous year to 15.6% in 2016 by continuously optimizing operation and strengthening information system. In order to strengthen the base of future growth, Dimerco Express Group keeps investing in human resources and enhancing competitiveness leads to operating expense slightly increase 0.7% compared to the prior year. Dimerco Express Group announced 2016 full year results with a consolidated turnover of NTD 16.158 Billion that increased 3.9% compared with the prior year, net profit after tax increased 97.1% from NTD 137 Million to NTD 270 Million in 2016 and after-tax earnings per share (EPS) NTD2.20 that increased NTD 1.12 compared (EPS) NT1.08 in 2015. The broad of directors’ meeting passed a cash dividend of NTD 2.0 per share increase 96.1% compared to the cash dividend NTD1.02 in Y2015.

Looking forward to 2017, there is no significant improvement for concerns and obstacles of global economic development. Dimerco Express Group will continuously expand business and invest in North America, Europe, India, China and Southeast Asia. In accordance with the global strategic planning of "Greater China economic region as the mother market”, Dimerco Express Group used organizational capabilities to integrate sales and customer service throughout the combat team to develop new business and keep the business with the e-commence supplier such as Jing dong Mall and Alibaba's business. Prospecting our overall turnover will be able to grow in the nearly future.

In order to integrate the continuous line services of international transportation and logistics services, Dimerco Express Group developed a system called “eCall Freight System®” which can strengthen front end trucks calling, pick-up and delivery services since the beginning of 2015. By operating this program, Dimerco can unify both data stream and information flow with local logistics partners. Furthermore, Dimerco Express Group will create big data base to improve the safety of cargo freight and maximize the operation efficiency and the service quality.

Dimerco Express Group is a leading international transportation and logistics company that has been providing professional services for more than 40 years based on a corporate culture of strong ethics and customer commitment. Dimerco Express Group will continue to expand its business by following the globalization concept, i.e. network globalization, product diversification and operation localization.

Through this continued innovation, the company was granted two patents (US and Taiwan) based on the Dimerco Value Plus System and Method©. Dimerco Value Plus system version 3.0 (based on Web 3.0) had been launched gradually in Q4, 2016:
1. U.S. and Taiwan Patent: "Consolidation Yield Management System and Method© ". This system specializes in optimizing operations, increasing the efficiency of integrating all transportation systems, strengthening cargo consolidation functions and achieving environmental standards by preventing resource waste. The system also helps to increase consolidated cargo yields and minimize cargo damage.

2. U.S. and Taiwan Patent: “Data Synchronization Method©” This method can effectively combine all data uploaded to a server system from all Dimerco subsidiaries worldwide and store the data in a central database. The corporation can then use a business intelligence tool with reporting features to provide accurate data reports requested by global customers in real time.

As a leader in China, Dimerco Express Group has steadily expanded our service network since the company entered the China market since 1991. Dimerco has established 77offices in China as of 2016. Furthermore, we won the accolade of “China Well-known Trademark” by the Trademark Office of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce of the People’s Republic of China.

Facing the era of the internet and the internet of Things (IoT) is coming; Dimerco Express Group can manage a global marketing service network and have the ability to manage information and data while providing B2B cross-border logistics services. Utilizing Dimerco Value Plus System version 2.0 (based on Web 2.0), a service platform that combines international logistics management, sales, operations, finance and other services, Dimerco Express Group can provide a high-quality comprehensive solution for clients. The real-time centralized information system can improve internal management and external integration capabilities which in turn enhances the value of customers' service in supply chain management.

According to the rapid development of the internet, Dimerco Express Group will rely on Dimerco Value Plus System version 3.0 (based on Web 3.0) to create more opportunities. Furthermore, Dimerco Express Group can provide global, diversified, and highly efficient international logistics services through the Internet and IoT integrated strategic platform.

Dimerco Express Corporation’s achievements and future developments to this day are all rely on all shareholders’ support. To elevate the interests of our shareholders, Dimerco Express Group will remain committed to construct mechanisms of generations and constantly improve the structure and sound management. Thank you!

Mr. Edward Lin
Chief Executive Officer
Dimerco Express Corporation
Dimerco Express Group
Date: June 8th, 2017




Photo Caption: Dimerco Hosts 2017 Annual Shareholders' Meeting 

For more information, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/
                                            



06/08--Dimerco interview posted on Cargo Talk in India [June 2017 edition] 
Mr. Praveen Dadala, India Country Manager of Dimerco Express Group, was recently invited to an interview by Cargo Talk, a widely read industry magazine in India, sharing the impact of Goods and Services Tax (GST) on Free Trade Zone (FTZ) warehouse. The interview has been posted on Cargo Talk (page 16) in June 2017 edition* and its website.

* Cargo Talk Magazine online article: http://cargotalk.in/pdfs/CTJune17.pdf






06/06--Dimerco recognized again as The Power 25 Largest Forwarders and the interview posted on Air Cargo World Magazine [June 2017 edition] 
Dimerco Express Group is again on the list of The Power 25 Largest Forwarders* by Air Cargo World with its strong growth of freight tonnage handled up by over 8.4% in 2016. Besides, Mr. Joey Chou, Corporate Vice President, Business Development of Dimerco, was recently invited to an interview by Air Cargo World, a well-known magazine in the U.S., sharing Dimerco’s focus on targeted vertical industries, including automotive, oil and gas, aerospace, apparel and textiles, medical devices and, especially, cross-border e-commerce and solar energy, which contributed to its airfreight increase in 2016, and its project with Revolve Clothing, a well-known Los Angeles based luxury clothing & accessories brand, for the innovative enhancement on online shopping process. The article has been posted on Air Cargo World Magazine** and its website in June, 2017.

* The Power 25 Largest Forwarders List: http://aircargoworld.com/the-power-25-list-for-2017/3/ 
**Air Cargo World Magazine Link 
Online Article: (page 2)
http://aircargoworld.com/the-power-25-how-long-can-the-good-times-last/2/ 
Digital Magazine : (page 20-23) 
http://aircargoworld.com/wp-content/digital-issues/2017/6-acw-june-2017/index.html






05/25--Dimerco cross-border train freight project saves time and costs 
In line with China’s aggressive “One Road, One Belt” initiative and Dimerco’s positioning as “Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist”, Dimerco has seen an increase in demand for its service product, Cross-Border Train Freight (CBTF). Dimerco’s CBTF service offers customers with routes that connect China with Europe, Central Asia, and Russia. With over 7 years of experience in cross-border train freight, Dimerco’s experienced team is ready to offer a safe and stable alternative to the traditional Air and Ocean transportation method. 

The most recent example of this service was executed for a leading construction company in China. Dimerco has delivered substantial cost savings and halved transit times for a leading construction company in China. Using the Europe-China cross-border railway, Dimerco arranged for transportation of nine containers of high value furniture from Germany to Zhengzhou, then by road freight to the final destination in Beijing. The containers were only 14 days in transit, compared to the usual 30 days it takes to be shipped by ocean from Hamburg to Tianjin, while costs were reduced by an impressive 70% compared to air freight.

According to Ms. Lexi Zhang, Assistant Sales Manager of Dimerco Zhongjing International Express Co. Ltd., control of transit time and freight safety were key priorities for the project, with delivery of the cargo required within one month.

“We were required to adhere strictly to the agreed timescale for the project, which would obviously include time for customs clearance, so rail seemed the ideal solution,” she said. “In addition, we also factored in extra loading time and coordinated the balance and weight of each container to ensure safety of the high value freight.” 

Ms. Zhang explained that Dimerco coordinated all elements of the journey, liaising closely with the railway company as well as trucking partners ensuring a smooth process and delivering on site earlier than planned in Beijing which exceeding the customer’s expectations. All issues that arose were swiftly and efficiently managed by Dimerco, while the customer was kept informed of the progress at every stage.

“We protected the space for the scheduled train by placing the booking with the carrier well in advance. In addition, we made sure the valuable cargo was protected by issuing cargo insurance. We monitored the customs process closely to avoid unnecessary delays. Resourceful problem solving was utilized when one of our containers was held up by customs in Poland due to an unrelated, wrongly declared container that shared the same chassis; we made sure that one container did not delay the remaining 8 containers.

This customer’s preferred method of shipping is usually air or ocean freight, but Dimerco suggested cross-border train freight for this project, which has proved to be a great success. Our customer is delighted and has committed to further ongoing shipments.”

For more information, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/
                                            



05/18--Dimerco Chief officers again spoke at 3PL Value Creation Asia Summit held by Armstrong & Associates, Inc. on May 17 in Hong Kong 
On May 17, 2017, Mr. Edward Lin, Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Greg Spudic, Vice President Marketing & Sales of Dimerco Express Group were both again invited by Mr. Evan Armstrong, the president of Armstrong & Associates as featured speakers at 3PL Value Creation Asia Summit in Hong Kong. The Summit brought together senior executives from third-party logistics providers and industry investors to network and share cutting edge concepts for achieving growth in 2017 globally and across Asia, and it represented an unparalleled deep-dive into the strategic and operational aspects of the global 3PL industry.

Discussing about the 3PL global view and regional variations, Mr. Edward Lin shared at the beginning of the summit with his experience in leading Dimerco’s worldwide network in its 5 regions. And Mr. Greg Spudic talked about the global transportation management market and the direction that the market will take over the next 5 years.

Summit Information: 
http:// http://3plsummit.asia/


Photo Caption: Mr. Edward Lin (1st from the right), CEO of Dimerco, Mr. Greg Spudic (1st from the left), Vice President Marketing & Sales of Dimerco U.S.A., Ms. May Tse (2nd from the left), District Ocean Freight General Manager of Greater China South District & General Manager of Diversified Hong Kong, and Ms. Joanne Lui (2nd from the right), Sales & Marketing Director of Dimerco Hong Kong.






05/17--Dimerco wins Airfreight Forwarder of the Year 2017 
Dimerco Express Group has just been awarded the coveted title Airfreight Forwarder of the Year for the second year running, against a background of continued business growth.

The Air Cargo Week World Air Cargo Awards* - the prestigious annual gathering to celebrate excellence in the global air cargo industry - were announced at the Westin Grand Hotel in Munich on 10th May. 

Dimerco was recognised by its peers for its exceptional performance in airfreight forwarding. 

The win follows a series of nominations** by Asia Cargo News earlier May when the company was shortlisted in several categories Best Logistics Service Provider - Air Freight, Sea Freight & Project Cargo plus Best Green Logistics Operator.

Riding high on plaudits, Dimerco Express Group stakes its claim as a leading 3PL provider in the logistics industry, throughout the Asia Pacific region, by reporting an increase in sales revenues of 8.1% overall.

The China/Hong Kong and Europe regions continue to deliver the best business performance with increases of 19.2% and 31.8%, respectively compared to the same period in 2016. This strong growth looks set to continue with freight tonnage handled up by over 20%.

* World Air Cargo Awards Winners: http://www.aircargoweek.com/air-cargo-week-world-air-cargo-awards-2017-winners-announced/ 
**2017 AFLAS Award Nominees: http://asiacargonews.com/en/AboutUs/DigitalEdition/



Photo caption: Dimerco awarded Airfreight Forwarder of the Year 2017 by Air Cargo Week.

For more information, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/
                                            



05/12--Dimerco approved Tax Credit by Taiwan Government first time for the IT innovation on its R&D Investment 
Continuous dedication to its Information Technology(IT) capability, Dimerco is firstly recognized by Civil Aeronautics Administration(CAA), Ministry of Transportation and Communications(MOTC) recently for the “Research & Development(R&D) Investment Tax Credit Program” Application with its patents, which are successfully filed both in the U.S. & Taiwan. Approved tax credit from its IT innovation, Dimerco is now the one and only international logistics service provider in Taiwan honored with this recognition, proving its customer-centric accomplishments for continuous growth and sustainability with its customers in the global logistics market.

Dimerco promotes its Dimerco Value Plus System© one step further with over two-year dedication on the latest Consolidation Yield Management System© (CYM) & Data Synchronization Method which serves to collate Dimerco world-wide data (includes CYM) from all locations into one central site. With a million of transactions monthly in this system, Dimerco has achieved its goal of localized and centralized data processing on a real-time basis in order to increase its customer service satisfaction on productivity, efficiency and cost savings. Dimerco is capable of conducting B2B e-commerce with our customers and strategic partners for data flow, information flow, and financial flow linkage throughout the supply chain management process. With continuous investment on both successfully listed patents, Dimerco receives tax credit approval after the one-year application, which contains high qualification with critical requirements*, and it reflects Dimerco’s confidence and remarks another milestone in IT development on our journey to become the most competitive global logistics and transportation provider.

Mr. Edward Lin, CEO of Dimerco Express Group, commented, “Dimerco and all of our staff members are very delighted to receive such great honors after our continuous dedication in IT innovation and promotion in Green Technology, such as involvement of several programs with Taiwan Government, e-Air Waybill of International Air Transport Association(IATA) with airlines and Electronic Data Interchange(EDI) implementation with our worldwide strategic partners and customers.” More than 45 years, as a Chinese company going international, Dimerco utilizes all available technology & resources to pro-actively & creatively advise & provide the services to its customers and learns ways to improve our competitive edge at all times to establish the most competitive global logistics and transportation provider.

* Feature of “Research & Development Investment Tax Credit Program”: This subsidy program held by MOTC was to encourage the innovation on R&D for the corporate on its product, technique and services but mainly applied and received by manufacturers instead of service providers in Taiwan.

For more information about Dimerco, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/




05/08--Dimerco CEO Mr. Edward Lin gave a speech at CEO Seminar held by Soochow University Dep. of Business Administration in Taipei, Taiwan on April 25, 2017 
Mr. Edward Lin, CEO of Dimerco Express Group, gave a speech at CEO Seminar held by Soochow University Dep. of Business Administration in Taipei, Taiwan on April 25, 2017. Mr. Lin not only analyzed and shared his perspective on the transportation and logistics industries but also pictured and discussed with students about the career in logistics.

Link: http://www.ba.scu.edu.tw/zh-hant/node/1955






05/02--Dimerco Celebrates Its Strong Growth in Ocean Freight with Recognition by Transport Topics 
Dimerco Express Group, a leading logistics provider headquartered in Taiwan, celebrates the success of its growth with recognition by *Transport Topics’ 2017 as a Top Ocean Freight Forwarder among leading competitors. As the only Taiwan-based company named as one of Transport Topics’ Top Ocean Freight Forwarders among many other global logistics providers, Dimerco marked another substantial page in its ocean freight history with three spots move-up to No.35 of 2017. Picked and ranked by total containers measured in 20-foot equivalent units worldwide, Dimerco performed at an exceptional 220,200 TEU equivalents in container volume in 2016, remarked with 26% growth compared to the volume in 2015. The company focuses on air freight services, while Diversified Freight System (DFS) focuses on ocean freight services. This dual-brand strategy not only allows the company to enhance service quality and value by providing increased support and customized services for worldwide customers but also highlights its continuous dedication in ocean freight services with the recognition by Transport Topics.

* Transport Topics Ranking List  http://www.ttnews.com/top50/ocean/

 
For more information about Dimerco, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/
                                            



04/19--Dimerco Corporate Vice President Mr. Joey Chou gave a speech at Taiwan Institute of Transportation, Ministry of Transportation and Communications on Apr. 17, 2017 
Dimerco Corporate Vice President Mr. Joey Chou gave a speech about international logistics market during the seminar "The Business and Logistics Opportunities in ASEAN" at Taiwan Institute of Transportation, Ministry of Transportation and Communications on Apr. 17, 2017







04/14--Dimerco sponsored Keelung Fairy Tales Festival held by Keelung Government & YMCF for Children and to advocate Ocean Protection 
Diversified Freight System Corporation, a subsidiary of Dimerco Express Group, focusing on sea freight services, sponsored Keelung Fairy Tales Festival held by Keelung Government & Yang Ming Cultural Foundation (YMCF) in Taiwan in April. To better introduce oceanic culture and advocate ocean protection, Dimerco supported annual festival in Keelung, Taiwan, which is held by Keelung Government and YMCF. And from children to their family, more than 10 thousands participants can be encouraged get closer to the ocean, love the ocean and protect the ocean through various activities.

Online Introduction: 
http://www.ocam.org.tw/fairytale/fairytale01.asp
                                            



04/11--Dimerco nominated as 3PL of The Year Award on finalist and Executive's speech presented at 2017 Multimodal in UK on Apr. 4, 2017 
Dimerco was firstly presented as the final nominee for 3PL of The Year Award by Multimodal. The nomination recognized Dimerco as an outstanding leading 3PL service provider for the past 45 years. Besides, Mr. Eddie Lin, Regional Director, Europe of Dimerco Express Group, was invited to give a speech at 2017 Multimodal in Birmingham, UK on Apr. 4, 2017. Eddie shared his experience in the changing market place for logistics, including innovative trade flows, major trade lane trend, diversified modes of services and the latest hot topics.

Award Nomination Finalist: http://awards.multimodal.org.uk/ 
Seminar: http://www.multimodal.org.uk/seminars






04/10--Dimerco supported Fundraising Program by cnYES.com for elderly and social welfare institutions in Taiwan 
Dimerco has been dedicated to participating and sponsoring various social projects to aid those in our communities who are in need. In March 2017, Dimerco is presented with the Appreciation Award because of its continuous support on social care and on the Fundraising Program by cnYES.com, a trusted and consulted leading financial website in Taiwan, for the 4 elderly and social welfare institutions in 2016. For more details, please find below event introduction.

Event Introduction: 
http://www.cnyes.com/promote/love201610/






04/10--Dimerco interview posted on Air Cargo World Magazine [February 2017 edition] 
Dimerco Express Group executives, Mr. Andrew Chen, Country Manager of Dimerco Vietfracht (JV) Co., Ltd. was recently invited to an interview by Air Cargo World, a well-known magazine in the U.S., sharing Dimerco’s industry leading experience and special insights on Vietnam market as well as the effect of Vietnam- European Union free-trade agreement. The article has been posted on Air Cargo World Magazine (page 14) and its website in February, 2017.

Air Cargo World Magazine Link 
Online Article: http://aircargoworld.com/made-in-vietnam-emerging-logistics-giant-isnt-slowing-down-post-tpp/2/
Digital Magazine : http://aircargoworld.com/digital-edition-feb17/






04/07--Dimerco New Office Set Up in Portland, OR, U.S.A. 
We are pleased to announce that Dimerco Express (U.S.A.) Corp. San Francisco branch - Portland Sales Office has opened on Apr. 07, 2017.

Office Name : Dimerco Express (U.S.A.) Corp. San Francisco Branch-Portland Sales Office Address: 6237 NE 112th Avenue, Portland, OR, 97220, USA
Office Tel: +1-971-865-0125
Person in charge: Raymond Robles/ Customer Service Supervisor 
Email: raymond_robles@dimerco.com




03/30--Dimerco Corporate Vice President Mr. Joey Chou gave a speech at Taipei International Convention Center on Mar. 28, 2017 
Dimerco Corporate Vice President Mr. Joey Chou gave a speech about ASEAN international logistics market during the seminar "The Business Opportunities of Taiwan Service Industry in ASEAN" at Taipei International Convention Center on Mar. 28, 2017






03/16--Dimerco CEO Mr. Edward Lin gave a speech at Department of Transportation Science in National Taiwan Ocean University (NTOU) in Keelung, Taiwan on Mar. 13, 2017 
Dimerco CEO Mr. Edward Lin gave a speech at Department of Transportation Science in National Taiwan Ocean University (NTOU) in Keelung, Taiwan on Mar. 13, 2017. Mr. Lin shared over 40-year experience in international logistics industry with students. Source: weekly newsletter of Department of Transportation Science.









03/10--Dimerco interview posted on Global Views Magazine [March 2017- 369 edition]: Leading experience of insights on Thailand market & cross border road freight 
Dimerco Express Group executives, Mr. Jeffrey Shih, Vice President of South East Asia, Mr. Raymund Hsu, Ocean Director of South East Asia, and Mr. Austin Chiang, Country Manager of Dimerco Express (Thailand) Co., Ltd. were recently invited to an interview by Global Views, a well-known magazine in Taiwan, sharing our industry leading experience and special insights on Thailand market as well as cross border road freight (CBRF). The article has been posted on Global Views Magazine (page 192-195) and its website in March, 2017.

Global Views' Website (in Chinese): https://www.gvm.com.tw/Boardcontent_32811.html 

Summary of the interview in English:
Dimerco Express Group, ranked as Top 10 Asia Pacific 3PLs, has been operated Cross Border Road Freight (CBRF) successfully for more than a decade. Dimerco has always been able to provide contingency logistics plans for customers to quickly respond to risks and natural disasters. Take Thailand as an example, in 2008, political violence and prolonged demonstration in Bangkok, road blockage resulted in severe traffic congestion to/from major airports; in 2011, natural disaster in the form of massive flood covered many provinces, and severely affected seven major industrial estates in central region for 2 months—during each incident, Dimerco has been able to provide its semi-conductor clients with alternative contingency plans to resolve the problems, including road freight, sea freight, and provincial airports alternative route solutions, and providing assistance to transport machinery and materials from flooded factory to re-activate other plants and overcome the crisis efficiently.

"Thailand plays a crucial role on its connectivity in South East Asia region", said Mr. Jeffrey Shih, Vice President in South East Asia Region of Dimerco Express Group. Jeffrey also indicated that the location of Bangkok is more superior than Singapore, and even its operation function is acting as hub for air freight. In addition, Thailand is the second largest ASEAN economy, followed by Indonesia. Its market hinterland is much larger than Singapore. Another future opportunity is AEC (ASEAN Economic Community), free tax policy within AEC will bring benefits especially for logistics industry in Thailand.








02/24--Dimerco was ranked as the best employee welfare among the forwarding industry by Wealth Magazine in Taiwan. [February 2017- 522 edition]  
Dimerco was ranked as the best employee welfare among the forwarding industry by Wealth Magazine in Taiwan. [February 2017- 522 edition] 
Source from Wealth Magazine February 2017- 522 edition 







02/22--Dimerco Strengthens Top Team to Build on Continued Business Growth 
Dimerco Strengthens Top Team to Build on Continued Business Growth

Dimerco Express Group celebrated 45 years in business earlier this month with a number of tactical internal appointments to secure the continued expansion of the company’s global network, following a strong performance in 2016 with sales revenues increase up by 6.6% comparing to previous year.
Announced at the group’s Annual Management Meeting, on 10th February, the changes to the management line up were focused on consolidating the HQ’s team and relocating key staff to develop opportunities in buoyant regions namely North America and Europe where business was up by 28.5% and 29.2% respectively on the previous year.

Mr. Paul Lee was relocated as Chief Commercial Officer to ensure that Dimerco Express Group maintains its position as a major international logistics service provider. Mr. Joey Chou was appointed Corporate Vice President, Business Development. To cultivate Dimerco’s strategic partnerships, Mr. Andy Hsu was announced as President, Greater China.

After heading up Europe, one of the group’s best performing regions, Mr. Brandon Wang is now relocating to serve as General Manager, North America, East Coast. Meanwhile, Mr. Eddie Lin is taking over as Regional Director, Europe. And finally, Mr. Kelvin Lin is expanding his logistics responsibilities as General Manager, North East Asia.

To mark the 45th year of Dimerco Express Group, Founder and Chairman Mr. Paul Chien, presented the company’s considerable achievements and outlined strategic plans for the future. 
Founded in 1971, Dimerco first expanded from the Asia Pacific region to North America, setting up its first overseas office in New York within five years, and opening in Singapore within ten as beachhead to expand in Asian Countries. By 1991, Dimerco had established further operations in Greater China, Northeast Asia and Europe.
In 1991-1995, Dimerco focused on building its network in Greater China, to establish the region as its "Home Market”, then in 2012 partnered in a Joint Venture to set up operations in India and in 2013 invested further in Dalian, China with a strategic partner.
The network has continued to grow and Dimerco has achieved increasing recognition and a number of Awards for excellence from the various regions within which it operates.
Commenting on the occasion of its 45th anniversary, Founder and Chairman Mr. Paul Chien said, “Our philosophy is, and continues to be, to grow the business together with our strategic partners, and to share the prosperity with all our productive employees & partner agents. We are rightly proud of our achievements to date, will continue to focus on growth and look forward to another prosperous year ahead.”



Photo Caption: Dimerco Express Group held its Annual Management Meeting on February 9-11, 2017 in Taipei.

For more information about Dimerco, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/









12/30--New office set up in Xiamen, Fujian, China 
We are pleased to announce that Diversified International Transportation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Xiamen Branch starts operation from Dec, 30th, 2016 to concentrate on the sea freight development and hub operation in Southern East China.

Office Name: Diversified International Transportation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Xiamen Branch
Address: Unit 1612B-1615,The Bank Centre,No.189 Xiahe Road, Siming, Xiamen, Fujian, China
Zip Code: 361001
Phone Number: +86-592-560-2701
Fax: +86-532-838-91587

PIC: Mr. Coolio Zhang - Asst. Branch Manager
E-mail: Coolio_C_Zhang@diemrco.com




12/29--Dimerco Expands Ocean Network in China 
Dimerco Express Group is responding to increased ocean freight business by adding two new offices with dedicated ocean team to its network based at key ports in China at Qingdao and Xiamen in December 2016.

By the end of October 2016 Dimerco handled over 187,000 TEUs, 32% more than in the same period in 2015 and moved quickly to establish two Diversified International Transportation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. service centres at two of the top ten ocean hubs to provide more comprehensive coverage of Greater China. The two new offices mark not only another milestone for Dimerco but also a demo of Dimerco’s development of its ongoing dual-brand strategy in both air and ocean freight services.

With a focus on hi-tech products, consumer electronics, clothing, textiles, medical & health and automotive components the official opening of the Qingdao branch at Westin took place on 28th December officiated by Mr. Edward Lin, CEO of Dimerco Express Group and Mr. Johnny Kao, Ocean Freight General Manager of Greater China Region.

The Xiamen Branch will open on December 30th and deal mainly in consumer electronics & equipment, household equipment, clothing and textiles as part of an overall bid to strengthen the specialist ocean team who will be responsible for forming strategic global alliance partners to boost new business in 2017.

The growth of the ocean freight business in China coincides with Dimerco gaining recognition in USA for being among the Top 50 Forwarders* by ocean freight volume shipping from China to the United States.

Meanwhile across the Dimerco Express Group, November revenues have increased by over 8% to NTD 1,380 million with the strongest performance in the North America & Europe regions which were up by 20.6% and 45.4%, respectively. 

*Source: Datamyne Y2016 Jan.-Oct. Ocean Freight Volume (China-United States) NVOCC ranking report 



 
Photo Caption: Official opening of the Qingdao branch at Westin on 28th December was officiated by Mr. Edward Lin, CEO of Dimerco Express Group (2nd from the right) and Mr. Johnny Kao, Ocean Freight General Manager of Greater China Region (2nd from the left).

For more information about Dimerco, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/
                                            



12/19--Supporting mental retarded children, Dimerco celebrated its 45th Anniversary with love at its Annual Friendship Golf Tournament 
December 10, 2016, Dimerco Express Group supported the Children Are Us Foundation in Taiwan by offering over 100 lunch boxes, which are made by mental retarded children at its Annual Friendship Golf Tournament. Apart from the business world, Dimerco participates and sponsors various social projects to advocate environmental protection and aid those in our communities who are in need.

Dimerco celebrated its 45th Anniversary with gratitude not only from the support of its air & ocean carriers, worldwide customers and all the strategic partners but also from the dedication of these mental retarded children. Through recognizing their great work in the bakery, Dimerco aims to encourage them to be independent and blend into social service.






12/12--Dimerco interview posted on United Evening News on Dec. 11, 2016 
Mr. Edward Lin, CEO of Dimerco Express Group is recently invited to an interview by United Daily News, a well-known newspaper in Taiwan, sharing the key factors to the success of Dimerco Express Group as a Light Asset Based Logistics Service Provider in Cross Border eCommerce markets, latest network expansion and recognition by International well-known media. The article has been posted on United Evening News (page B2) and its website on December 11, 2016. For more details, please refer to below link.

United Daily News Website:
http://udn.com/news/story/7244/2162017
http://udn.com/news/story/7244/2162018






12/01--Dimerco is Official Partner for 2017 Taipei Summer Universiade 
Dimerco is proud to announce it has been chosen as one of just five official International logistics partners of the *2017 Taipei Summer Universiade.

The prestigious sporting event is in its 29th year and it is an honour for the Taiwan-based logistics and freight-forwarding specialist to be recognised for its capability to handle event logistics, co-ordinating air and ocean shipments from all over Asia & North America via its extensive network covering China, Hong Kong, Macao, Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Canada, Mexico and United States.

Dimerco was chosen for its expertise in large scale event logistics and will be fielding key team members to oversee operations - Charles Huang, Assistant General Manager, Dimerco Express Corporation who comments:

“We understand that major events such as this multi-sport event require a great deal of forward planning and the right team in place - based onsite to monitor each stage of the process. From load planning to risk management and up to the point of delivery we ensure that timescales are met, safety and security measures are adhered to and there is constant reporting between the customer and the Dimerco team.”

Dimerco has an excellent track record of successful events logistics recently having worked with entertainment venues staging concerts across South Korea and as a result reports a 28% growth in events business compared to 2015.

Gaining official partner status for The Summer Universiade marks an impressive period of growth for the company with sales in October 2016 of TWD1,424 million which represents an 8.9% increase on the same period last year; and overall profits up by 222% in Q3.

* 2017 Taipei Summer Universiade http://2017.taipei/bin/home.php?Lang=en 


Photo Caption: 2017 Taipei Summer Universiade Official Logistics Partner Recognition press conference (Mr. Charles Huang, Assistant General Manager, Dimerco Express Corporation, 3rd from the right.)
Source: Taipei City Government
http://www.gov.taipei/public/Attachment/6112913161582.jpg 
2017 Taipei Summer Universiade Official Press Release
http://2017.taipei/files/14-1000-2941,r18-1.php

For more information about Dimerco, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/
                                            



12/01--New office set up in Qingdao, Shandong, China 
We are pleased to announce that Diversified International Transportation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Qingdao Branch starts operation from Dec, 1st, 2016 to concentrate on the sea freight development and hub operation in Northern China.

Office Name: Diversified International Transportation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Qingdao Branch
Address: 12B ChinaR Building, 2 Shandong Road, Qingdao, Shandong, China
Zip Code: 266071
Phone Number: +86-532-838-91588
Fax: +86-532-838-91587

PIC: Mr. Michael Hsiao- District Ocean Freight Director of GCND
E-mail: michael_m_hsiao@dimerco.com
                                            



11/25--Dimerco interview posted on Common Wealth Magazine [November 2016- 611 edition]: The Success of Dimerco Express Group in Cross Border eCommerce Market 
Dimerco Express Group executives, Mr. Edward Lin, CEO, Mr. Andy Hsu, Corporate Vice President and Mr. Jeffrey Shih, Vice President of South East Asia, were recently invited to an interview by Common Wealth, a well-known magazine in Taiwan, sharing the key factors to the success of Dimerco Express Group as a Light Asset Based Logistics Service Provider in Cross Border eCommerce market. The article has been posted on Common Wealth Magazine (page 50 & 51) and its website on November 23, 2016.

Common Wealth Website: http://www.cw.com.tw/article/article.action?id=5079578 

Key Factors to The Success of Dimerco Express Group in Cross Border eCommerce Market
Early Investment and Planning on Network Expansion
Comprehensive Logistics Services
Flexible Teamwork & Contingency Capability
Advanced Information System
Long-Term Strategic Partnership with Airlines, Ocean Liners & Alliances





11/09--Dimerco Transforms Fashion Logistics with New Business Model and IT Capability 
Satisfying the enormous appetite for quality designer US apparel in China, the world’s biggest and fastest growing online market, Taiwan based freight forwarding and logistics specialist Dimerco is transforming fashion logistics to perfect the customer experience in preparation for the eCommerce shopping festival, Double 11.

Employing its innovative IT integration capability and forming solid relationships with reliable last-mile carriers, Dimerco is working with Revolve Clothing, a well-known Los Angeles based luxury clothing & accessories brand to enable online consumers in China and Hong Kong to enjoy a comprehensive shopping experience with faster, trackable delivery of their goods.

Dimerco leads the way in establishing a new B2B2C business model which offers a 30% saving in freight costs and relies on the close co-operation between online fashion retailer, freight forwarder (Dimerco) and local couriers.  

As Mr. Edward Lin, Dimerco Express Group CEO explains:  “eCommerce in China is growing at an incredible rate and we could see that fulfilment and customer satisfaction were key areas for improvement, particularly over the final mile. Online customers in China no matter where they are located, are beginning to demand the same service shopping experience as their global counterparts so we began to look at the entire logistics process from the location of our warehouses to making relationships with reliable carriers and of course, for customers, providing that single point of contact for queries, complaints and feedback.”

From its HK warehouse Dimerco provides a quick turnaround service with 800 packages a day processed in 2 hours before hand-over to local couriers. Harnessing the latest EDI technology, customers can easily track their deliveries online. 

This fashion logistics model will put Dimerco’s client in a strong position for Double 11 which according to one of the largest online retailers in China, JD.com, typically witnesses a threefold increase in the number of shipments and sales of imported goods to keep pace with consumer demand. 


Notes to Editors
•Dimerco has been developing its eCommerce business for years, concentrating on 10 pilot locations: Zhengzhou, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chongqing, Ningbo, Hangzhou, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Fuzhou & Pingtan. 

•With a dedicated customer service and operation team in each branch office Dimerco is ready to support the growing customer base and share business intelligence with all team members globally. 
•Positioning itself as the most competitive global transportation & logistics service provider, integrator and consultant, Dimerco provides a one stop shop covering warehousing, local pick-ups, customs brokerage, international air or ocean freight and last mile delivery by truck or courier. 

•Establishing relationships with reliable fulfilment partners Dimerco acts as a single point of contact point for the customer.

For more information about Dimerco, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/




11/04--Dimerco continues growth in China as new offices opening carry out its dual-brand strategy 
Taiwan based freight forwarding and logistics specialist Dimerco has added to its growing footprint in China, with Diversified International Transportation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Branch and Dimerco Zhongjing Int'l Express Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Branch sales offices in Shunde along with sales offices in Taicang for its subsidiary Dimerco International Transportation (Shanghai) Co. to carry out its dual-brand strategy, which allows the company to enhance service quality and value.

According to Mr. Edward Lin, Dimerco Express Group CEO, the company is targeting sales growth in the area, particularly in ocean freight.“While we are already in a strong positon with our air freight service, we focus also on the ocean freight development and hub operation in Southern China, especially in Guangzhou, which has continuously increasing volume since the end of 2015. And due to high demand that most local freight forwarders are unable to meet, on the ocean freight market we have recognised the potential for cooperation between Taicang port and Yangshan port, which provides more efficient and cost-effective barge services compared with traditional transportation modes. Our new offices will enable us to better serve customers in the equipment, material applications and auto parts industries.”

The move comes at the same time as the announcement by the China Communication and Transportation Association (CCTA) of the Advanced Logistics Company Awards 2016, which once again features Dimerco. The awards ceremony was held on Oct.31 in Suining City, Sichuan Province, China. 

Earlier this year, Dimerco subsidiaries were listed in the CIFA (China International Freight Forwarders Association) 100 Top China Forwarding & Logistics Enterprises as well as the 50 Top China Air Cargo Enterprises lists.  In recognition of the company’s ten year track record, it was also presented with a prestigious ‘Steady Business Growth’ Award by CIFA.

Currently, Dimerco Express Group owns 75 service outlets in the Greater China region, with plans for further expansion during 2017.


 
Photo Caption: Dimerco Express Group received “2016 China Advanced Logistics Company Award” at the award ceremony held by China Communications and Transportation Association (CCTA) in Suining City, Sichuan Province, China on Oct 31, 2016.

For more information about Dimerco, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/




10/31--New office set up in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China 
We are pleased to announce that Diversified International Transportation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Branch starts operation from Nov, 1st, 2016 to concentrate on the sea freight development and hub operation in Southern China.

Office Name: Diversified Int’l Transportation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Branch
Address: Room 2512, Poly Central Pivot Plaza, No. 157, Linhexi Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China
Zip Code: 510610
Phone Number: +86-20-388-44686
Fax: +86-20-388-44689

PIC: Cindy Lam- Ocean Freight Manager
E-mail: cindy_lam@dimerco.com




10/31--New office set up in Mumbai, India 
We are pleased to announce that Dimerco Express (India) Pvt Ltd Bangalore Office- Mumbai Sales Office starts operation from Nov, 1st, 2016.


Office Name: Dimerco Express (India) Pvt Ltd Bangalore Office- Mumbai Sales Office
Address: 302, Atlanta Towers, Near Cigarette Factory, Chakala, Sahar Rd., Andheri(E), Mumbai, India
Zip Code: 400099
Phone Number: +91- 22-6236-2135 

PIC:
Shane Gomes- Business Development Manager
E-mail: Shane_s_gomes@dimerco.com




10/31--New office set up in Shunde, Guangdong, China 
We are pleased to announce that Dimerco Zhongjing Int'l Express Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Branch Shunde Sales Office starts operation from Oct, 31st, 2016.

Office Name: Dimerco Zhongjing Int'l Express Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Branch Shunde Sales Office
Address: Room 616, Second Building, Wanbang Commercial Square, No.266 Dongle Road, Daliang Shunde, Foshan, Guangdong, China
Zip Code: 528300
Phone Number: +86-757-222-76416
Fax: +86-757-222-76416

PIC: Andy Yang- Sales Supervisor 
E-mail: andy_yang@dimerco.com





10/31--Dimerco Wins New Business with Unprecedented Speed 
Just two weeks after being invited to the initial bid, Taiwan-based logistics and freight-forwarding specialist Dimerco Express Group shipped 30 tons of oversized petrochemical pumps for one of the largest national oil companies in China, from Los Angeles in USA to Tianjin in China, via airfreight. 

Dimerco’s District Sales Director of North China, Mr. Alexander King, who spearheaded the project to expedite the over-sized shipment by airfreight, stated:
“To manage the project complexity and meet our customer’s extremely tight deadline, we leveraged our local expertise, relationship with two selected airlines and local customs, network of contacts and innovative use of social media.”

The Dimerco team not only took the strategic decision to split the shipment into two routes into China, but also collaborated efficiently with selected carriers and contacts at Tianjin Customs, clearing the split shipments within 24 hours, while effectively maintaining real-time communication with both customer and Dimerco team members via a group chat social media channel, providing live updates from start to finish.

Mr. King concluded, “This recent success highlights that Dimerco’s strong proposition is landing well with customers as we continue to build an enviable reputation within the Oil and Gas sector in the region, particularly among customers that value tactical and service excellence. In the light of our handling of this project, Dimerco has been confirmed as preferred vendor by one of the top three national oil companies in China for handling urgent project shipments from North America to China.”

Dimerco also manages diversified shipments via multi-modal platforms for customers in the Oil & Gas industry between North America, Greater China, Southeast Asia, Europe, and the Middle East.



For more information, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/ourStrength/industry_solution
                                            



10/25--Dimerco Executive’s speech in UK on Sep. 28, 2016 was featured in 2 industry magazines [October 2016 edition] 
Mr. Brandon Wang, Regional Director, Europe of Dimerco Express Group, gave a speech at United Kingdom Warehousing Association (UKWA) National Conference in Chesterfield, UK on Sep. 28, 2016. Regarding Supply Chain Ecosystems, complexity and collaboration was discussed by Mr. Wang, and he shared predictions for 2017 that total trade value of ecommerce will be 24.3% of China’s total imports/exports. This, said Wang, will change the focus of freight forwarders - consumers in China, and globally, are purchasing more and more overseas via ecommerce.



The highlights of Wang’s speech are featured in October 2016 edition of industry magazine, including United Kingdom Warehousing Association (UKWA) and International Federation of Warehousing & Logistics Associations (IFWLA).


Source: http://ukwa.org.uk/market-intelligence/magazine/2016/10/warehouse-october-2017/


Source: http://www.ifwla.com/magazine/post/october-2016-magazine




10/12--How to release your Hanjin operated containers in Singapore port terminal 
FAQ on Handling of Hanjin-Operated Containers in Singapore 

1. What is PSA (The Port of Singapore Authority) doing to manage this current situation?
Since September 2016, PSA has been working closely with Hanjin, shippers and consignees to facilitate the delivery of local import containers, as well as the loading and transfer of transhipment containers bound for other destinations. 
To date, PSA Singapore has berthed and serviced more than a dozen Hanjin container ships, and facilitated the release of over 3,000 laden containers to affected parties. 
PSA is also utilizing container yard space to store more than 3,500 empty containers that have been collected so far, and as such, acting as a container depot. No cost or resources have been spared in ensuring these boxes are consolidated at our yards in PSA Singapore Terminals 1 (ST1). 
2. How can I move my containers to their final destinations once they are unloaded from Hanjin and alliance vessels into your port area? 
Three methods are available to tranship containers to their final destination; you may wish to consider these options and follow up with Hanjin directly: 
(1) Transloading – the Hanjin container is unstuffed and restuffed into another non-Hanjin box to be transported on to its final destination.* This may be undertaken at PSA’s Keppel Distripark, which is directly linked to PSA ST1; it is located within the Free Trade Zone, allowing exemption from the Goods and Services Tax. The shipper can choose from a wide range of operators in Keppel Distripark to carry out transloading of the container. 
(2) Shipper-owned container – the shipper takes over the lease or sub-leases of the container from Hanjin and arranges with another shipping line to deliver the container to its final destination port. Handling charges (i.e. storage, discharging, etc.) will be paid to PSA by the shipper. 
(3) Direct interchange – the shipper chooses to arrange with Hanjin for another shipping line to take over the lease of the container and transport it on to its final destination. 
3. I have a Hanjin container for local import. How can I collect it?
The process for local import has been as follows: Hanjin containers are discharged from ships, and these are then stacked in PSA’s container yards. Once a refundable deposit has been paid (to ensure the return of empty containers for consolidation purposes), the container can then be transported out of the port area to be unstuffed for local import. The deposit will be refunded after the same but empty container is returned to PSA’s yards. 
4. How much will it cost for me to collect my container for local import? 
A refundable deposit of S$5,000 per container is required to be made to PSA Corporation Ltd, either in the form of a cashier’s order or via internet banking, before taking delivery from PSA of any such import Hanjin container. The Deposit will be refunded upon the return of the same, but empty, container (i.e. after un-stuffing) to PSA’s yard. The relevant consignee will also be required to pay PSA for discharging stevedorage.

(Source: PSA Website www.singaporepsa.com)




09/30--Dimerco celebrates success in China 
Global logistics & transportation specialist Dimerco Express Group celebrates its latest recognition in the Greater China region as two of its subsidiaries are ranked by CIFA (China International Freight Forwarders Association) in both the 100 Top China Forwarding & Logistics Enterprises as well as the 50 Top China Air Cargo Enterprises lists for the tenth consecutive year.
Dimerco entered the China logistics market in 1991. The achievement of the Taiwan headquartered group in China also coincides with the 20th anniversary of the founding of Dimerco Zhongjing International Express Co. and the launch of the company’s Beijing Office 20 years ago. Celebration dinner was held on Sep.26 in Beijing. Currently, Dimerco Express Group owns 73 service outlets in the Greater China region.

China International Freight Forwarders Association (CIFA), which is a national organization of the international freight forwarding industries, ranks companies based on sales volumes. Dimerco Zhongjing International Express Co., Ltd. has been ranked 69th of top 100 China Freight Forwarders and 23rd of top 50 China Air Cargo transporters, while Dimerco International Transportation (Shanghai) Co achieved rankings of 76th and 28th on the respective lists. In recognition of the company’s ten year track record, Dimerco has been presented with a prestigious ‘Steady Business Growth’ Award" by CIFA, which was received on behalf of the company by Mr. Alexander King, Sales Director of Greater China North District. 
Mr. Edward Lin, CEO of Dimerco Express Group, commented, “Recognition by CIFA is a valued reflection of our continued success and strong growth in this key market for Dimerco as well as demonstrating our capabilities and achievements in the Greater China Region. We are particularly delighted that this comes at a time that we are marking several important milestones in our journey to become the most competitive global logistics and transportation provider."

As part of Dimerco Express Group, Dimerco Zhongjing International Express Co., Ltd., which is an Authorised Economic Operator (AEO) in its Beijing and Shenzhen office, manages air freight gateway operations in Shanghai, Beijing, Xiamen and Guangzhou both for import and export. All gateway offices have Class A license for Customs Brokerage as well as for international and domestic transportation.


Photo Caption: Dimerco Zhongjing International Express Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Dimerco Express Group, celebrates its 20th Anniversary on September 26, 2016 in Beijing.

For more information about Dimerco, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/




09/19--HJN operating vessel tracking information - HJN / YML / EMC website 
Please kindly be informed that HJN operating vessel tracking information is available on HJN / YML / EMC website as below link for your reference. We will keep you informed if any update status. Thanks for your attention.

Hanjin Shipping (HJN): http://www.hanjin.com/hanjin/CUP_HOM_1763.do?sessLocale=en 

Yang Ming Line (YML): http://www.yangming.com/service/useful_info/HanjinUpdate_Ov.aspx

Evergreen Line (EMC): http://www.evergreen-line.com/
                                            



09/01--New office set up in Batam Island, Indonesia 
We are pleased to announce that Dimerco's JV company UNIAIR INDOTAMA CARGO, PT - Batam Island Sales Office starts operation from Sep, 1st, 2016.

Office Name: UNIAIR INDOTAMA CARGO, PT - Batam Island Sales Office
Address: Komplek Grand Niaga Mas, Blok C No. 61 Batam Centre, Batam Island - Kepulauan Riau, Indonesia
Zip Code: 29432
Phone Number: +62-778-4806946

PIC:
1) Edy Sebayang - Batam Branch Representative
 E-mail: edy_sebayang@uniaircargo.co.id

2) Boyke Nataliano - Batam Operations
 E-mail: boyke_nataliano@uniaircargo.co.id




09/01--Customer advisory of Notice and Action Plan to recent Hanjin shipping's financial problem 
Dear Valued Clients,

On 31st August 2016, Hanjin Shipping (Hanjin) announced that it had filed for a rehabilitation and which likely to have a significant impact throughout the maritime sector (Hanjin Case). To protect your best interests, please be advised that Dimerco Express Group (Dimerco) has well prepared in responding the crisis and a contingent plan has been activated.

Under a prudent and careful consideration together with your kind support, Dimerco has adopted the following measures in Hanjin Case effective immediately:

to suspend all the cargo booking with Hanjin;
to obtain redelivery of cargo and arrange carriage by another operator (if applicable);
to inform the consignee to pick up arriving cargo a.s.a.p. to reduce the time under Hanjin’s custody; and
to exert best reasonable endeavors to settle with any ports, terminals or container yards exercising a lien over Hanjin containers in order to release the cargo.

Being a Beneficial Cargo Owner, you may rest assured that Dimerco, as the Carrier to issue House Bill of Lading for the shipment, will not prejudice to your rights. Dimerco undertakes all obligations and responsibilities under the governing House Bill of Lading terms and conditions will remain binding.

Dimerco Express Group commits to offer you a reliable service as always.

Sincerely yours,


Dimerco Express Group



08/18--Dimerco impresses in India with another industry award 
Taiwan based global logistics group Dimerco is growing strongly in India and has secured recognition in the sub-continent with another industry award this month. Dimerco Express Group has been named ‘Emerging Supply Chain Provider’ by India Cargo Awards (West & South), following an online poll by DDPPL, publishers India’s widely read industry magazine, *Cargo Talk.

“The organisers judged this category on the basis of customer relationships, especially in manufacturing and e-commerce, so we are particularly proud and delighted to have achieved this accolade,” said Mr. Edward Lin, CEO of Dimerco Express Group. “This is the first time we have won such an award in India and believe it will help highlight our capabilities and global structure to this huge and important marketplace. We anticipate substantial new investment in India following the introduction of the single tax GST, due to come into force next year, and expect this to help us in growing our business further in the region.”

The Awards relate specifically to the Southern and Western regions of India, which includes the gateway of Chennai, where Dimerco are already acknowledged by the Air Cargo Terminal to be one of the top five importers, and Hyderabad, which is the location of the group’s newly opened Sales Office.

New office opens in Hyderabad
The opening of an owned office in Dimerco will support one of Dimerco’s major customers, a mobile handset company who will be establishing a new production facility in Hyderabad, as well as strengthening Dimerco’s customs brokerage service, according to Mr. Praveen Dadala, Dimerco India Country Manager.
“Once our customer’s factory is operational in Hyderabad, we anticipate cementing our relationship further by meeting increased service requirements with our usual operational efficiency. We will also be focusing on attracting new business in Hyderabad, particularly in the electronic and pharmaceutical sectors, where we see enormous potential.”

Dimerco Express Group has reported a 4.4% year to date increase in sales revenue compared to the same period last year, with 46% increase in net income.

* Renowned supply chain magazine Cargo Talk: http://www.ddppl.in/website/cargo_talk.htm 

 
Photo caption: Mr. Praveen Dadala (2nd from the left), India Country Manager of Dimerco Express Group received "Emerging Supply Chain Provider Award for South and West” presented by India Cargo on Aug. 3, 2016 in Pune, India

For more information about Dimerco, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/




08/11--Dimerco and Takming University of Science and Technology: grooming the future logistics talent 
Dimerco Express Group is devoted in cultivating new talents in international logistics professions via providing international internship opportunities to the students from Taiwanese higher education institutions, where Dimerco is gladly involved in the International Internship Abroad Program, sponsored by The Bureau of Foreign Trade, Ministry of Economic Affairs (R.O.C.). In the recent collaboration with Professor Ho, Kuang-Hui from Takming University of Science and Technology (TMUST) Department of International Trade, five selected students were sent to Dimerco’s Manila office in Philippines and Penang office in Malaysia for a one-month internship program. In this program, students participated in the training sections planned by Dimerco, including local market information, logistics related knowledge, and hands-on practice, etc. The program provided students the opportunity not only to learn about the logistics related know-hows and practical operation processes, but also through team building and other business activities to help students experience local culture and life-style.

Dimerco Express Group upholds the spirit of Academia-Industry Collaboration, and continuously offers various internship opportunities to Taiwanese education institutions. Dimerco strongly believes that through this type of collaboration can strengthen students’ ability to apply their knowledge in the work force to further increase their competitiveness in the global market. We welcome all educational institutions to send in logistics related proposals in future collaboration at recruitment@dimerco.com.






08/08--New office set up in Hyderabad, India 
We are pleased to announce that Dimerco Express (India) Pvt Ltd Bangalore Office Hyderabad Sales Office starts operation from Aug, 8th, 2016.


Office Name: Dimerco Express (India) Pvt Ltd Bangalore Office- Hyderabad Sales Office
Address: Plot no.14, Krishna Nagar colony, Picket, Secunderabad,Telangana, Hyderabad, India
Zip Code: 500026
Phone Number: +91 40-2789-7535

PIC:
1) Veereshwar Chary- Business Development Manager
E-mail: Veereshwar_V_Chary@dimerco.com

2) Victor Alexander- Customer Service Executive
E-mail: Victor_V_Alexander@dimerco.com




07/29--Half year results highlight strong growth in North America and Europe for Dimerco 
Dimerco Express Group, a leading logistics provider headquartered in Taiwan, celebrates the success of its debut on Air Cargo News’ latest *Top 25 Global Freight Forwarders List, as well as being ranked by **Transport Topics’ 2016 as a Top Ocean Freight Forwarder among leading competitors. In addition, Dimerco Zhongjing International Express Co., Ltd. and Dimerco International Transportation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. are both ranked in the ***Top 100 International Freight Forwarders and Top 50 Air International Freight Forwarders lists by China International Freight Forwarders Association (CIFA) at the Y2015 Top Lists annual award ceremony held in Dalian, China on July 28, 2016. The company has also demonstrated incredible financial resilience in June despite the Brexit and global economic unpredictability, which proves to be a consistent strength for the company and will allow for superb business prosperity for years to come.

Dimerco continues to create business opportunities with strong efforts and determination in both air and ocean freight in many regions around the world with a steady financial growth, the company reported. Its financial performances had a 17.5% year-over-year growth in sales in June 2016, and sales in the first half of 2016 reads NTD7.625 billion, or a 4.7% increment compared with same period last year, showing also a remarkable record of 28% increase in North America, and 14.4% increase in Europe.

The company made a noteworthy presence in Armstrong & Associates’ latest top 25 Global Freight Forwarders List for the very first time. The announcement made by Air Cargo News in UK disclosed Dimerco’s air freight volumes stood at an outstanding record of 202,000 air metric tons in 2015 and ranked 21st on list.

As the only Taiwan-based company named as one of Transport Topics’ Top Ocean Freight Forwarders among many other global logistics providers, Dimerco marked a substantial page in its ocean freight history. Picked and ranked by total containers measured in 20-foot equivalent units worldwide, Dimerco performed at an exceptional 175,000 TEU equivalents in container volume in 2015, the company has plans to run its own Diversified Freight System (DFS) Corporation branch offices in Guangzhou and Qingdao respectively in the second half of 2016 to further assist its customers.

Moreover, acknowledging that Dimerco has been ranked on CIFA’s annual Top 100 International Freight Forwarders and Top 50 Air International Freight Forwarders lists for over 10 consecutive years, the “Steady Business Growth Award” was presented to the Taiwan-based logistics provider at the annual award ceremony. Established in 2000, CIFA, a reputable national organization of the international logistics industry. The award event held in Dalian on the 28th presented rankings based on company revenues from year 2015 in RMB in descending order. These high-status rankings highlight Dimerco’s influential and competitive business potential to the industry’s bests.

“So far, it has truly been a rewarding year for us,” said Edward Lin, Dimerco’s CEO, “being named as the only Taiwanese logistics provider among the industry’s global elite in these esteemed rankings speaks about Dimerco’s commitment to providing quality services to meet our customers’ demands, and making Dimerco’s air and ocean freight brand synonymous with reliability, excellence, and success.” 

*Air Cargo News Ranking http://www.aircargonews.net/news/forwarders/single-view/news/top-25-air-forwarders-dhl-leads-the-way-but-rivals-close-the-gap.html
** Transport Topics Ranking http://www.ttnews.com/top50/ocean/
*** CIFA Ranking http://118.26.162.39:801/hdtz/hybtz/2016-07-01-2815.html


Photo caption: Dimerco Express Group was presented “Steady Business Growth Award” and recognized as “Top 100 International Freight Forwarders” at annual award ceremony held by China International Freight Forwarders Association (CIFA) in Dalian, China on July 28, 2016.

For more information, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/




07/15--Dimerco Hosted 4th Global Economic & Celebrity Forum in Taiwan on July 14th 
Dimerco Express Group held "The 4th Global Economic & Celebrity Forum" in Taipei on July 14th, targeted towards Taiwanese companies that require logistics services. The selected speakers included Mr. Meng-Dao Wu, Director of Taiwan Institute of Economic Research (TIER) Division VI, who illustrated the global development of the Internet, Big Data & Cross Border eCommerce (CBeC), Mr. Zong-Yao Lu, Director of Lu Zhang Investment Team, who analyzed the investment market and market trends, and Mr. Tom Wang, founder of Dream School, who shared the key elements of management & leadership. 

To meet the latest development strategy of the Taiwanese government on Southbound policy, one section of the forum was specially organized for Mr. Jono Liu, Southeast Asia Marketing & Sales Director of Dimerco, who analyzed the economic outlook in South East Asia. The professional experiences which were shared during this celebrity forum allows customers to better understand financial investment as well as future economic trends, thereby also allowing customers to understand Dimerco is not only providing logistics services but also acting as the information provider of the industry and the market.


 
Photo Caption: Mr. Edward Lin, CEO, Mr. Joey Chou, Vice President of North East Asia and Mr. Kimber Lee, Corporate Ocean Freight Vice President had photos with the three selected outside speakers.

 
Photo Caption: Dimerco hosted the 4th Global Economic & Celebrity Forum in Taiwan on July 14.

 
Photo Caption: Group photo of Mr. Paul Chien, founder and chairman of Dimerco Express Group with management team.




06/24--Dimerco is Awarded as “Airfreight Forwarder of the Year 2016” by Air Cargo Week 
It has been quite a rewarding time lately for Dimerco Express Group, a leading logistics provider headquartered in Taiwan, as it won “Airfreight Forwarder of the Year 2016” by Air Cargo Week recently. Good news keeps flocking since May 2016 when the company was nominated in both "Best Logistics Service Provider - Air Freight" and "Best Green Logistics Operator" categories presented by Asia Cargo News, and its subsidiary, Diversified Freight System (DFS) Corporation, was granted the Authorized Economic Operator (AEO) certification by Taiwan’s Keelung Customs Office. Dimerco keeps its global expansion in the ASEAN region with a new office recently opened on June 1 in Ahmedabad, India, and marking its fourth service location after Bangalore, Chennai and New Delhi.

The “Air Cargo Week World Air Cargo Awards” was announced in Shanghai at Kerry Hotel on June 15. Gathering over 350 air cargo professional attendees to this annual occasion - which is considered to be the largest celebration of excellence in the global air cargo industry – and for the very first time, Dimerco was recognized for its exceptional performance in airfreight forwarding and was voted upon by the members of the air cargo community as the “Airfreight Forwarder of the Year 2016”, which takes into account many global logistics finalists who all competed for the coveted honors.

Dimerco was also presented as the nominee for both the "Best Logistics Service Provider - Air Freight" and "Best Green Logistics Operator" during the 2016 AFLAS Award held recently by Asia Cargo News. The nomination recognized Dimerco as an outstanding leading 3PL provider in the logistics industry that continuously provides quality services to its customers throughout the Asia Pacific region. 

In addition, Diversified Freight System (DFS) Corporation was also granted the AEO by Sung Ru-Yao, Director of Keelung Customs Office, Taiwan for being a reliable and secure ocean freight logistics provider that abides to the WCO SAFE Framework with a solid compliance and regulatory history. Through implementing proper security measures throughout its supply chain, Dimerco has earned its entitlement to speedier customs clearance procedures and advantages in becoming globally competitive in the logistics industry. The certification, awarded recently, allows Dimerco to offer customers with speedier and safer transit through customs. The AEO also helps logistics service providers become more globally competitive as they proceed with expanding their global network. 

Dimerco announces the grand opening of its Ahmedabad office in India on June 1, 2016. This global network expansion has again proven Dimerco’s confidence in development in India. Back in October 2012, Dimerco set up its Indian joint venture with strategic alliance partner Dart Global Logistics (DGL), and established 3 offices in Bangalore, Chennai, and New Delhi respectively. 

Dimerco has been meticulously planning their expansion in India, with its long-term experiences in Greater China’s economic regions and ASEAN markets as a base. India latest GDP grew 7.9% in 2016Q1 compared with 2015Q1*, which is officially one of the world’s fastest growing economies**. Dimerco’s Ahmedabad office aligns with India Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s promises made in May two years ago after taking office, which is to revive India’s economy by improving businesses and turning it into an attractive global investment and a manufacturing nerve center. Ahmedabad is one of the hundred Indian cities selected to develop as a smart city under Modi's flagship Smart Cities Mission. Being the first Taiwan logistics provider to enter into India, the fourth new office in Ahmedabad demonstrates Dimerco’s fruitful success in fortifying its global network in its global expansion blueprint.

“India is a booming market for international commerce and has strong growth potential for years to come. We are expanding our sales and operation teams for trading and exporting to the U.S., especially for Telecommunications, High-Tech and Automotive industry customers in India” said Dimerco’s spokesperson. “This new service outlet marks another monumental page in Dimerco’s business history.”

*https://asiafoundation.org/2016/06/15/indias-economy-booming-critics-warn-excessive-enthusiasm/
**https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2016/04/worlds-fastest-growing-economies/

 
Photo caption: Dimerco is awarded as “Airfreight Forwarder of the Year 2016”  by Air Cargo Weeks on June 15th, 2016 at the Kerry Hotel in Shanghai.

For more information, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/
                                            



06/10--2015 Customer Appreciation Award to Armstrong 
Dimerco thanks Armstrong for their loyalty and support throughout the years.

Dimerco is pleased and honored to present Armstrong with this award based on their customer loyalty over the years as well for their support in 2015. We appreciate the confidence and the support given over the years and we value Armstrong as one of our VIP customers who is vital to our success. Dimerco is very proud to have had a lasting partnership with Armstrong which has sustained through fluctuating markets and hardship. Dimerco is privileged and grateful to be given this ongoing opportunity to work with Armstrong and partner with them for a mutually beneficial relationship in which both companies can cultivate healthy growth while controlling costs without sacrificing service. We look forward to the years ahead in which we will continue to learn and grow with one another and to another successful year. We strive to offer the best service at all times and are pleased to be able to work with Armstrong for many years to come.






06/08--Dimerco Hosts 2016 Annual Shareholders' Meeting 
First of all, on behalf of the Board of Directors, Chairman and the company management team, thank you for your continued support and concern for the Dimerco Express Group. Thank you very much for attending the shareholders’ meeting.  We sincerely hope that by taking this opportunity all of you can support, and assist us by continuing to construct brand advantages, strengthen organization and emphasize the value of innovation.. Dimerco staff will certainly make every effort to stabilize the growth of corporate performance, successfully complete the annual target budget, and meet shareholder’s expectations.

Dimerco has been continuously accelerating its global development plan. Currently, the company’s global network includes 17 countries covering Asia, North America, Europe, and Australia with more than 143 locations worldwide. The company has two brands. Dimerco focuses on air freight services, while Diversified Freight System (DFS) focuses on sea freight services. This dual-brand strategy allows the company to enhance service quality and value by providing increased support and customized services including transportation, logistics, cargo insurance, import/export customs and inspections, domestic China transportation, cross-border road freight in Asia, Central European cross-border railway and cross-border e-commerce.

In 2015, although the US market economy was still gradually recovering, the main markets such as China, due to structural adjustment, continued to be impacted by a slowdown in economic development and growth.  The global economy, trade, and the fluctuations of currency exchange were becoming more unstable and unpredictable. International crude oil prices and fuel surcharges dropped 50% compared with the same period last year, and FCL freight has also simultaneously decreased. Although Dimerco’s air tonnage and ocean volume were close to the previous year, the growth of turnover was affected. Dimerco continued to optimize operations and with the powerful Information system operating margin increased from 13.95% to 15.07% compared with the same period last year. Since Dimerco continued to invest in human resources and strengthen the company's competitiveness, thus operating expenses increased by 5.28% compared with Y2014. Even though it caused a decline in profits compared with the previous year, however it also strengthened the foundation for future growth. Dimerco announced 2015 full year results with a consolidated turnover of NTD 15.549 Billion, a decrease of 8.4% compared with the prior year, after-tax net income also decreased 35.92% from NTD 214 Million to NTD 137 Million in 2015 and after-tax earnings per share (EPS) NTD1.08, decreased NTD 0.58 compared (EPS) 1.66 in 2014. The board of directors’ meeting passed a cash dividend of NTD 1.02 per share same as last year.

Looking forward to 2016, global economic growth concerns and obstacles are still prevalent. Dimerco will continue to actively develop business and invest in North America, Europe, India, China and Southeast Asia. . In accordance with the established policy of global operations and plans in the "Greater China economic region” as the mother market, Dimerco Express Group used organizational forces to integrate sales and customer service throughout the combat team to develop new business and continue to secure a number of multinational customers and cross-border services such as e-commence supplier Jing dong Mall and Alibaba.. The overall turnover will be able to continue to grow steadily in the near future.

In order to integrate the continuous line of international transportation and logistics services, Dimerco will develop a system called “eCall Freight System®” which can strengthen front end trucks calling, pick-up and delivery services.

By operating this program, Dimerco can unify both data stream and information flow with local logistics partners. Furthermore, Dimerco will create a substantial data base to improve the safety of cargo freight and maximize operational efficiency and quality of service.

Dimerco is a leading international transportation and logistics firm that has been providing professional services for more than 40 years based on a corporate culture of strong ethics and customer commitment. Dimerco will continue to expand its business with the concept of globalization, i.e. network globalization, product diversification and operation localization. 

Through this continued innovation, the company was granted two patents (US and Taiwan) based on the Dimerco Value Plus System. The Value Plus 3.0 will be released the next half year of 2016:

1. Taiwan and US Patent: "Consolidation Yield Management System and Method©". This system specializes in optimizing operations, increasing the efficiency of integrating all transportation systems, strengthening cargo consolidation functions and achieving environmental standards by preventing resource waste. The system also helps to increase consolidated cargo yields and minimize cargo damage.

2. Taiwan and U.S. Patent: Data Synchronization Method. This method can effectively combine all data uploaded to a server system from all Dimerco branches worldwide and store the data in a central database. The corporation can then use a business intelligence tool with reporting features to provide accurate data reports requested by global customers in real time.

A leader in China, Dimerco entered the market in 1991 and has since steadily expanded our service network. As of 2015, the company has established offices at 70 locations in China, even obtaining the “China Well-known Trademark” accolade awarded by the Trademark Office of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce of the People’s Republic of China.

To successfully manage a global marketing service network and have the ability to manage information and data while providing B2B cross-border logistics services, Dimerco has taken a leadership position in tapping the wealth of data made available in the Internet era and through rapid developments in the Internet of Things (IoT). Utilizing Web 2.0 concepts, Dimerco developed the Dimerco Value Plus System, a service platform that combines international logistics management, sales, operations, finance and other services to provide a high-quality comprehensive solution for clients. The platform’s real-time centralized information system optimizes internal management and external integration capabilities to further enhance the value offered to customers' supply chain management. 

The Dimerco Value Plus System has allowed the company to successfully compete with much larger service providers for business opportunities. Relying on the Internet and IoT to form an integrated strategic platform, Dimerco can provide global, diversified, and highly efficient international logistics services.

Thank you very much for the support of all shareholders, we remain committed to construct mechanisms for generations, and constantly improve the structure and sound management, to elevate the interests of our shareholders! We hope to gain continued support. Thank you!

Mr. Edward Lin
Chief Executive Officer
Dimerco Express Corporation
Dimerco Express Group
Date: June 8th, 2016


Photo Caption: Dimerco Hosts 2016 Annual Shareholders' Meeting 




06/03--New office set up in Ahmedabad, India 
We are pleased to announce that Dimerco Express (India) Pvt Ltd Bangalore Office- Ahmedabad Sales Office starts operation from Jun, 1st, 2016.


Office Name: Dimerco Express (India) Pvt Ltd Bangalore Office-Ahmedabad Sales Office
Address: 405, Binali Complex , Opp Torrent Power office, Naranpura, Ahmedabad, India
Zip Code: 380013
Phone Number: +91 79-29298209
PIC: Harinath Balla- Business Development Manager
E-mail: Hari_Balla@dimerco.com
                                            



06/01--Dimerco CEO Mr. Edward Lin  gave a speech at National ChiaoTung University (NCTU) in Hsinchu, Taiwan on May 30, 2016 
Dimerco CEO Mr. Edward Lin  gave a speech at Department of Transportation & Logistics Management in National ChiaoTung University (NCTU) in Hsinchu, Taiwan on May 30, 2016. Mr. Lin interacted and shared over 40-year experience in logistics industry with graduate students.








05/27--Chief officers of Dimerco Express Group spoke at 3PL Value Creation Asia Summit held by Armstrong & Associates, Inc. on May 18 in Hong Kong 
On May 18, 2016, both Mr. Edward Lin, Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Greg Spudic, Vice President Marketing & Sales of Dimerco Express Group were invited by Armstrong & Associates as featured speakers at 3PL Value Creation Asia Summit in Hong Kong. The Summit brought together senior executives from third-party logistics providers and industry investors to network, learn, discuss trends, and share ideas for achieving growth globally and across Asia. 

Who are the major logistics players and regions? What are the global paradigms for success? Mr. Edward Lin shared 3PL global view and regional variations at the beginning of the summit. Mr. Greg Spudic talked about the E-commerce emerging in Asian consumer markets and what will be the change for future supply chains.

Summit Information: 

http://3plforum.asia/sessions/3pl-global-view-and-regional-variations/

http://3plforum.asia/sessions/supply-chain-mega-trends-big-data-asian-consumer-markets-nearshoring-3d-printing-autonomous-vehicles-drones-value-creation/
http://3plforum.asia/sessions/international-transportation-managementfreight-forwarding/


Photo Caption: Mr. Evan Armstrong (2nd from the right), President of Armstrong & Associates, Mr. Edward Lin (3rd from the right), CEO of Dimerco and Mr. Greg Spudic (1st from the right), Vice President Marketing & Sales of Dimerco.
                                            



04/25--From vision to reality - Dimerco is recognized as one of the most competitive global transportation & logistics service providers, integrators & consultants 
From vision to reality  
Dimerco is recognized as one of the most competitive global transportation & logistics service providers, integrators & consultants

Dimerco Express Group, a leading logistics provider founded in 1971, has been named by the latest Armstrong & Associates Report as one of “Top 10 Asia Pacific 3PLs” in air freight forwarding volumes and recognized for its “vertical industry expertise in high tech”. These findings, in addition with the company’s 2016 operational schedule, have reflected Dimerco’s long-term endeavor in pursuing global business expansion, as well as demonstrated its vision to becoming one of the most competitive global logistics providers and integrators.

According to the recent A&A report*, Dimerco represents the only company in Taiwan named as one of the “Top 10 Asia Pacific 3PLs” with a 204,332 metric tons record in air freight forwarding volumes. The company this year has also differentiated itself among others as a Vertical Industry Expert in the high tech areas, where the company has been building up dedicated task force teams to handle aerospace, cross-border e-commerce, oil & gas, apparel & textile, and auto components. 

Dimerco has invested in its distinguished Dimerco Value Plus System built on a Web 2.0 platform which was created several years ago. It was a perfect IT solution and valuable tool foreseen by the company to syndicate multiple processes such as sales, airfreight, ocean freight, warehousing, accounting, as well as financial management. The Dimerco Value Plus System has been expressly applied to Dimerco’s operations in China, combining multimodal transportation services including domestic air and ground, cross border, and warehousing to form an integrated solution to satisfy customers’ timely requirements. 

Trending along with the soaring popularity of global e-commerce, the company partnered with China’s two largest e-retailers, Alibaba and JD.com. Last year, related e-commerce service includes providing air and ocean freight distribution and warehousing functions covering its logistics network in Europe, America, and Asia. This was a successful milestone to mark its global operational convenience, safety and efficiency assurance.

Dimerco’s core services played a crucial role in the manifestation of the company’s globalization quest. Apart from its In-house Logistics Support, the following capabilities show the company has been strategizing and revolutionizing logistics and transportation on a global scale.
-Air and ocean freight forwarding
-Integrated Air, Sea and Ground Multimodal solutions
-Domestic and Cross Border Transportation management
-Value-added Warehousing and Distribution
Operation cities included Amsterdam, 4 major cities in China, Chicago, Hong Kong, Jakarta, Los Angeles, London, New Jersey, San Francisco, Singapore and Taipei.
-Customs Brokerage
Licensed in Greater China, and acquired the MYK Global Service based in US to provide coordinated customs brokerage operations in Asia and the US
-China AQSIA (General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection & Quarantine) services
-Aircraft chartering
-Cargo Insurance Brokerage
-Supply Chain Management Consulting
-Multimodal transportation / Cross border Transportation management including Less Than Truckload (LTL) services – 
ASEAN – Intra-Asia cross border ground transportation network between Cambodia, China, Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand, with Bangkok as gateway, and India is scheduled in the near-term
China - integrated with “Value Plus” in major hubs, including Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Guangzhou and Hong Kong
Europe – via China-Europe International Block Train from 16 terminals in China to destined European terminals including Manzhouli / Zabaikalsk, Brest, Warsaw and Hamburg / Duisburg
LTL - service from Shenzhen to Singapore in 7 days and security guarded with GPS and e-lock system with SMS or bar code scanner on trucks 

The logistics infrastructure of any large economy is a big indicator of growth. With 45 years of experience in the logistics industry, Dimerco’s global success has been validated in its development from China and ASEAN towards the international realm. Steadily and proactively, Dimerco continues its expanded outlook from China, Europe and N. America to the rest of the world. In recent years, the company has focused on emerging markets in Southeast Asia and the Pacific, too.

In fact, Dimerco has already established a substantial global network of business operations in 59 countries, with over 300 operating locations worldwide and 2,000+ employees. The company has generated a total of $489.62 million in gross revenue in 2015. “We are absolutely thrilled to continue embarking on this globalization journey,” said Edward Lin, CEO, Dimerco, “by expanding our worldwide network, we plan to finish the year with 152 own offices adding Taicang and Zhaoqing in China, Ahmedabad, Hyderabad, and Mumbai in India, and Charlotte, Houston and Milwaukee in the US. With the offer of high-quality customer services as a base, we are not only shaping the foundation of a truly globalized logistics and transportation landscape, but also bringing our corporate vision into concrete reality.”

*Armstrong & Associates Inc. report: http://www.3plogistics.com/3pl-case-studies/dimerco-express-group/dimerco-china/
** Licenses included NVOCC, IATA Cargo Agent, China Class A License for ISO9001, ISO28000, TAPA etc. Also an authorized AEO in European Union and C-TPAT certified in the US. 


Photo caption: Dimerco, a global 3PL, is successful in its development from China and ASEAN towards the global realm.

For more information about Dimerco, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/




04/19--Dimerco sponsored the Mid-Peninsula Boys & Girls Club (MPBGC) Invitational Golf Tournament  
March 28, 2016 Dimerco Express Group sponsored the Mid-Peninsula Boys & Girls Club (MPBGC) Invitational Golf Tournament. Apart from the business world, Dimerco participates and sponsors various social projects to advocate environmental protection and aid those in our communities who are in need. 

Dimerco has not only assisted refugees in Northern Thailand, victims of the 921 earthquake in Taiwan, and participated in the development of educational facilities in China's Anhui province but also donated books, educational material, clothes and sponsorship for clubs and associations around the world.

For over 50 years (MPBGC) a non-profit organization, helps youth between ages 6 and 18 years old achieve their personal and educational goals in a positive environment. Through the sponsorship of The Invitational Golf Tournament, Dimerco aims to change lives and make positive impacts for children in a recreational way. With over 100 players at this annual event, Dimerco has continued its efforts and dedication to help the community.






02/26--Dimerco named Top 5 freight forwarders of Chennai Air Cargo Complex 
Dimerco named Top 5 freight forwarders of Chennai Air Cargo Complex
New Indian offices to be opened in 2016 in Mumbai and 2 other cities

Dimerco Express Group, a leading logistics provider worldwide, announces today, that its India office, Dimerco Express (India) Pvt. Ltd.is named one of the Top 5 Freight Forwarders for inbound volume of Chennai Air Cargo Complex by Airports of Authority of India (AAI). 

Dimerco is among the 1000 active forwarders in Chennai. With this first honor received in India, the company aims to win further recognitions from the Delhi and Mumbai cargo terminals along with its development plan in India. Dimerco operates in 15 locations in India since 2012, among which, New Delhi, Bangalore, and Chennai are Dimerco’s own setup. In 2016, Dimerco plans to open 3 more offices in Mumbai, Ahmedabad, and Hyderabad. The expansion also reflects the company’s confidence in the Indian market and was the result of a meticulously executed plan developed in 2015.

The recognition acknowledges Dimerco’s excellence in the volume of shipment transported and customer service solutions provided to the Indian market. It also implies that increased incoming shipment volume via Chennai Air Cargo, ensures security of cargo-handling processes, as well as more regulated operational management at the terminals.

From BRIC to TICK, India has always been a long-standing member of the few investor-favored and technologically-focused consumer markets in the world. According to Counterpoint’s research released in February 2016 India has surpassing the US in becoming the world’s second-largest smartphone market. The country’s handset demand is presently at its all-time peak and its economic power is continuously growing. Dimerco’s efforts in India to cultivate the market has included transporting consumer electronics to major handset manufacturers in Chennai and Delhi.

“The honor is a strong testament to our capabilities. It speaks to our focus on the continuous improvement throughout our optimized solutions. Our intent is to establish business opportunities in India through collaborating with Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and China,” said Edward Lin, CEO of Dimerco, “We are committed to service each of our current and potential customers worldwide.”


Photo caption: Dimerco named Top 5 freight forwarders of Chennai Air Cargo Complex by AAI

For more information, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/dimerco/en/









11/27--New office set up in Zhuhai, Guangdong, China  
We are pleased to announce thatDimerco Zhongjing Int'l Express Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Branch, Zhuhai Sales Office start operation from Dec, 01, 2015.

Office Name: Dimerco Zhongjing Int'l Express Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Branch, Zhuhai Sales Office
Address: Rm 1250, 12/F, Yu Hai World Financial Center, No. 1009, Middle Jiuzhou Avenue, Xiangzhou District, Zhuhai, Guangdong Province, P.R.China
Zip Code: 519015
Phone Number: +86 756 319-5605
PIC: Tony Qiu-Sales Supervisor
E-mail: tony_qiu@dimerco.com
                                            



11/09--New office set up in Yinchuan, Ningxia, China 
We are pleased to announce that Dimerco International Transportation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd Xi'an Branch Yinchuan Sales Office start operation from Nov, 10, 2015.

Office Name: Dimerco International Transportation ( Shanghai ) Co., Ltd Xi'an Branch Yinchuan
Address: D2307,Zi Jing Hua Business Centre ,West Xinchang Road, Jinfeng District,P.R.China
Zip Code: 750002
Phone Number: +86 951-7824490
Fax Number: +86 951-7635992
PIC: Criss Liu- Sales Executive 
E-mail: Criss_Liu@dimerco.com
                                            



11/03--Dimerco Chosen as the Main Logistics Partner of Alibaba and JD for China “Double 11” Day 
Dimerco Chosen as the Main Logistics Partner of Alibaba and JD for China “Double 11” Day

The Largest Global Online Shopping Festival Supplemented with Professional International Logistics Support

Taipei, November 3, 2015－Dimerco Express Group, a global logistics service provider headquartered in Taiwan, announces that it was officially selected as one of the recommended logistics partners to support Alibaba and JD for the “Double 11,” as known as Single’s Day. Dimerco is the highest ranked for air support covering the entire Asia Pacific region and ocean lanes that almost spread across worldwide routes, totaled to 15,000 tons of transported goods in shipments; Dimerco has also began its air freight services with JD across Europe and Asia, that the close business cooperation started since this June. With professionalism in over 43 years of international logistics experiences, Dimerco has worked and strived to become “the world’s Most Competitive Global Transportation & Logistics Service Provider" since its establishment. Dimerco entered the Chinese market in 1991 and actively promoted its local business there. Dimerco has been successfully favored by the top two leading e-commerce enterprises worldwide as an ideal logistics partner today due to its superior local logistics capabilities, continuous IT development, collaborative network expansion, as well as familiarity and experiences in China’s relevant regulations and practices. While being selected as one of the main forwarding services providers for the Double 11 global shopping festival, helps marking a new milestone in Dimerco business history.

The Most Competitive International Logistics Service Provider Witnesses Double 11 Festival “Globalization & O2O” Strategies

Benefiting from the rapid development of the internet, the 2014 Double 11 festival earned a record-breaking $9.3B in sales. Alibaba, the main endorser of “Double 11,” will expand its sales this year through brand new globalization (buying and selling around the globe) and O2O (online and offline) commercialization strategies. Over 40,000 retailers, 30,000+ brands, and 6 million quality items from 25 countries and regions are expected to participate in the Double 11 festival, including from the United States, Europe, Japan and Korea, as a result of more than 5,000 international brands will be offered to consumers from more than 200 countries and regions worldwide. Dimerco will help picking up shipments from suppliers and transporting them to air and ocean freight terminals, handling customs brokerage, as well as delivering to 5 bonded warehousing where the company got branch offices and located in Shanghai, Hangzhou, Guangzhou, Zhengzhou, and Ningbo. The company has established an inter-region project committee across Europe, America, and Asia for this annual global shopping celebratory occasion in view to enhance convenient and high efficiency results.

During the past 24 years in China, Dimerco has seen how the China economic region developed and experience significant growth. In addition, Dimerco started working with JD, the second largest Chinese leading e-commerce platform since this June. JD, operating with self-built logistics systems and self-operating mode through canvassing from suppliers, has successfully begun comprehensive development throughout its total of 4,142 delivery stations and pickup stations in 2,043 counties and districts across China. “We are pleased to have been a part of this globalization process for the logistics and transportation services for the Double 11 Day,” said Dimerco’s spokesperson, “and we are extremely happy to see the internet becoming a driving force for the growth in relevant supply chains, as well as encouraging global demands. We hope the international products added to the sale this year would create a new record, in both revenues and joy.”

For more information, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/dimerco/en/




10/08--Dimerco New Office Set Up in Walnut Creek, CA, U.S.A. 
We are pleased to announce that Dimerco Express (U.S.A.) Corp. San Francisco branch - Walnut Creek Sales Office has opened on Oct. 09, 2015.

Office Name : Dimerco Express (U.S.A.) Corp. San Francisco Branch-Walnut Creek Sales Office 
Address: 2121 North California Blvd., Suite 290, Walnut Creek, CA, 94596, USA
Office Tel: +1 925-448-1671
Person in charge: Julianne Conrad/ Customer Service Manager
Email: julianne_conrad@dimerco.com




09/21--New office set up in Jia Xing, Zhejiang Province, China 
We are pleased to announce that Dimerco International Transportation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd Hangzhou Branch Jiaxing Sales Office start operation from Sep, 21, 2015.

Office Name: Dimerco International Transportation ( Shanghai ) Co., Ltd Hangzhou Branch Jiaxing Sales Office 
Address:Room 102, Building No.7, JiaXiu Yuan, JiaYe YangGuang Town, No. 390 XinZhou Road, XiuZhou District, JiaXing City, ZheJiang Province, P.R.China
Address Zip Code: 314031
Tel Number: 0573-82645710
Fax:0573-82645710
Contact person: Ms. Holiday Weng ( Holiday_Weng@dimerco.com)
                                            



09/09--Dimerco Opens New Rotterdam Office in September 
Dimerco Opens New Rotterdam Office in September
Full support to the FIATA 2015 World Congress first ever held in Taipei

Taipei, September 09, 2015- Dimerco Express Group, a global logistics service provider headquartered in Taiwan for over 43 years, announces today the opening of a new Office in Rotterdam, Netherlands effective September 1, 2015.  Also as part of the Dimerco's strong base in China they will be supporting the FIATA 2015 World Congress at their annual event as a Golden Sponsor.  The event is to be held in Taipei for the first time from September 8-13, 2015. The company will also be present with international experts in logistics and freight forwarding at the distinguished logistics congress to exchange insight on the development of the global logistics business. 

Dimerco's Brand New Facility Opens in Rotterdam, Netherlands 
Dimerco has established another office in the Netherlands on September 1, 2015, following the opening of its office in Amsterdam. The new location offers comprehensive services in ocean freight forwarding and trucking, plus bonded warehousing which will allowing imported goods to be stored and handled without payment of duty while undergo manufacturing operations. Located near the Rhine-Meuse-Scheldt river delta at the North Sea, Rotterdam is the largest port in Europe known as the "Gate to Europe." The port facilitates large quantities of cargo annually, and thus is ideal for international logistics, transportation, and distribution. Establishing a new facility in Rotterdam, Netherlands, allows Dimerco to easily reach its customers within the continent, but many other areas of the world. "We are glad to introduce our new office here in Rotterdam as our second location in the Netherlands.  This will provide our company a competitive advantage in expanding logistics services from Europe globally." said Mr. Edward Lin, CEO of Dimerco, "the new site marks another great milestone for the company, and indicates that we are committed to providing our customers with the best international logistics services possible."

Dimerco Supports FIATA 2015 as the One and Only Golden Sponsor
Established 90 years ago, 2015 is the first year in history that the FIATA event takes place in Taiwan. It is also the country's first and largest international logistics event in history. Dimerco, founded in Taiwan in 1971, has spared no effort in supporting international logistics and the supply chain congress; The company has become the only Golden Sponsor of the 2015 FIATA World Congress which is considered one of the leading benchmarking international events in the industry. Dimerco CEO, Edward Lin, will also be one of the Keynote Speakers to discuss "revolutionizing logistics," and share how the company lays down the groundwork for its global logistics, as well as its future prospects as an international expert in logistics and freight forwarding.

For more information, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/dimerco/en/
For more information about FIATA, please visit: http://www.fiata2015.org




Photo caption: Mr. Edward Lin (2nd from the right), CEO of Dimerco, and Mr. Kimber Lee (3rd from the right), Vice President of Corporate Ocean Freight, attended the Grand Opening of Dimerco's new office in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, on September 1st, 2015.




09/01--New office set up in Rotterdam, Netherlands 
We are pleased to announce that Dimerco Express Netherlands B.V.- Rotterdam Sales Office start operation from Sep. 1, 2015.

Office Name: Dimerco Express Netherlands B.V.- Rotterdam Sales Office
Address: Graanweg 4, Havennr. M209, Moerdijk
Zip Code:, 4782PP,
Tel Number: +31-857732076
Fax: +31-20-6586322
Contact person: Mr. Laurens Pol
eMail:Laurens_L_Pol@dimerco.com




09/01--New office set up in Changzhou Jiangsu Province, China 
We are pleased to announce that Dimerco International Transportation (Shanghai ) Co., Ltd Suzhou Branch Changzhou Sales Office start operation from Sep. 1, 2015.

Office Name: Dimerco International Transportation ( Shanghai ) Co., Ltd Changzhou Sales Office 
Address: Room 516, Building 9 Shimao Commercial Plaza, No. 9 Taihu East Road, Xinbei District, Changzhou, Jiangsu  P.R.China.
Address Zip Code: 213022
Tel Number: 86-519-85558133
Fax:0519-85558132
Contact person: Frank Li




08/25--One and Only Taiwanese Company: Dimerco’s Subsidiaries Both Honorably Named in CIFA 2014 Top 100 and Air Cargo Top 50 Logistics Listings 
Taipei, August 25, 2015－Dimerco Express Group, a global logistics service provider headquartered in Taiwan for over 43 years, has once again received two honorable rankings in a row – Dimerco Zhongjing International Express Co., Ltd. and Dimerco International Transportation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd were both named on the CIFA 2014 Top 100 Ranking of China Freight Forwarding & Logistics Enterprises and Top 50 Ranking of China Air Cargo Transportation Enterprises listings, demonstrating once again its business growth and success. Mr. Andy Luo, manager of the company’s Xi-An branch, was present at the ceremony to receive the awards on behalf of Dimerco and also discussed the impact of the development of freight forwarding services on China’s international trade and future economy along with a number of leading enterprises and the industry specialists.

One and Only Taiwanese Company: Dimerco’s Subsidiaries Both Named in among Respectable and Meaningful CIFA Rankings
China International Freight Forwarders Association (CIFA) was established in 2000. It is a national agent organization of the international freight forwarding industries, and started its *Top 100 Ranking of China Freight Forwarding & Logistics Enterprises listings since 2004. It is the 11th consecutive year for Dimerco to be named, while 2014’s rankings have even surpassed the previous year. This prestigious industry event held in Xi-An on the 21st of this month was based on company revenue from the previous year in RMB in descending order. According to the recent 2014 rankings announced by CIFA, Dimerco was named in the *Top 100 Ranking of China Freight Forwarding & Logistics Enterprises as Dimerco Zhongjing International Express Co., Ltd. subsidiary and Dimerco International Transportation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd subsidiary. Both subsidiaries were also honorably named 15th and 25th on the *Top 50 Ranking of China Air Cargo Transportation Enterprises, respectively. According to Dimerco’s representative Mr. Andy Luo, “On behalf of Dimerco, the only one Taiwanese company here, I am extremely grateful and honored to receive these awards. They are more than significant to our subsidiaries and we are looking forward to continuously improving our logistics service and staying competitive in China.”

Dimerco Continuously Demonstrates its Logistics Services in the China Market and Opens up the Key to Economic and Trade Success
In China since 1991, Dimerco sees the China economic region as a base and experience significant growth in the 24 years. Last year the company repositioned itself with “Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist” a new slogan to align with its business development strategy. By providing its global customers with secure and convenient logistics services and successfully connecting the supply chain, Dimerco maintained financial stability, while treating employees as valuable assets. The company never ceases to demonstrate both immediate and continuous business and industrial success, and therefore is respected by its customers and the industry as a whole.


Photo Caption: Dimerco received awards for two of its subsidiaries in China at prestigious industry event held in Xi-An on August 21th 2015.

For more information, please visit: http://www.dimerco.com/dimerco/en/
* http://210.51.174.103:801/zl/hdbq/
                                            



08/07--New 3rd tier office set up in Yancheng, Jiangsu Province, China  
We are pleased to announce that Dimerco International Transportation ( Shanghai ) Co., Ltd Yancheng Sales Office was set up and start operation from Aug. 1, 2015.

Office Name:Dimerco International Transportation ( Shanghai ) Co., Ltd Yancheng Sales Office 
Address: Room 1806, #1 Building Wuzhou International Plaza, No 28, Yingbin South Road, Yancheng, Jiangsu province, China
Address Zip Code: 224600
Tel Number: 86-515-88850023
Contact People: Mr. Kobe Gao
eMail: Kobe_K_Gao@Dimerco.com




06/29--Dimerco Received the 2015 AFLAS Award 
Recognized by its Corporate Performance Excellence
Dimerco Received the 2015 AFLAS Award 
as one of Top 3 Best Logistics Providers in Air Freight

Taipei, June 29, 2015－Dimerco Express Group, a global logistics service provider headquartered in Taiwan for over 43 years, has announced that it received for the 2015 Asia Freight, Logistics and Supply Chain Awards (AFLAS) as one of Top 3 Best Logistics Service Providers in Air Freight on June 24, 2015, hosted by Asia Cargo News, for demonstrating leadership and consistency in service quality, innovation, customer relationship management and reliability. By being ranked as one of Top 3 Best Logistics Providers in Airfreight for the 2015 AFLAS Awards among many of the world’s most renowned logistics providers, Dimerco has marked a new level of achievement as an Asia-based logistics service provider.

Dimerco Received the AFLAS Award Best Logistics Service Provider in Air Freight
Hosted by Asia Cargo News, the AFLAS Award ceremony hosted by Asia Cargo News was held in Hong Kong. Asia Cargo News is the only newspaper directly managing logistics and cargo supply chains in the Asia Pacific region. Being awarded as one of Top 3 Best Logistics Providers in Airfreight (http://www.asiacargonews.com/en/news/detail?id=248), among many of the most renowned global logistics provider names, marked a new level of achievement for Dimerco. It also represented the company’s continuous efforts in delivering consistent and precise services in the air freight business among the Asia Pacific region. “Dimerco airfreight service offers scheduled consolidation services, direct air carrier, airport-to-airport and door-to-door delivery features,” Dimerco’s Spokesperson stated, “The key elements of Dimerco Express Group strategic direction are global reach with local expertise, network globalization, products diversification, operation optimization, data integration together with the application of the internet of Things (IoT). Being nominated for this award means a lot to Dimerco as it is a significant recognition for what we’ve been doing is right. We will definitely continue this honor and further advance our competitive value towards becoming ’Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist.’”

A total of 39 categories were awarded at the 2015 AFLAS Awards, each name was awarded by logistics providers. After stringent competition, Dimerco was nominated as top 3 among other globally renowned logistics service providers for the Best Logistics Provider in Airfreight. The award not only represents Dimerco’s eager pursuit for perfection and professionalism in providing quality logistics in the Asia Pacific region, but even have a positive long-term effect on the company’s name by connecting the region to the rest of the world – a giant step closer towards becoming “the most competitive global transportation & logistics service provider, integrator and consultant” in the market.


For more information, please visit http://www.dimerco.com/.
                                            



06/18--Dimerco Hosts 2015 Annual Shareholders' Meeting 
Taipei, June 18, 2015 - Dimerco Express Corporation (TWSE: 5609), a global logistics service provider headquartered in Taiwan hosted its 2015 Annual Shareholders' Meeting today. Dimerco has been continuously accelerating its global development plan. Currently, the company's global network includes 17 countries covering Asia, North America, Europe, and Australia with more than 139 locations worldwide. Dimerco announced 2014 full year results with a consolidated turnover of NTD 16.983 Billion, increased 19.8% compared with the prior year, after-tax net income increased 63.1% from NTD 131 Million to NTD 214 Million in 2014 and after-tax earnings per share (EPS) NTD1.66, increased 0.64 compared EPS 1.02 in 2013. The meeting passed a cash dividend of NTD 1.02 per share. In addition, based on the statistics generated by Common Wealth, the leading magazine of Taiwan, Dimerco Express Group has been ranked 90th out of the top 650 companies in Service Industry in Taiwan and ranked as number two in warehousing & transportation industry. It was evaluated by business performance and Dimerco's ranking has grown from 106th last year to be listed on Top 100 this year. On other words, it is recognized its business strategy focusing on Greater China as home market.

In 2014, Dimerco continued to strengthen regional marketing, develop the multinational customer, built up the combat team to provide the integrated logistics services based on customer-oriented demand. Due to the growth of the customer base, improve service, and enhance operational efficiency. The company has two brands. Dimerco focuses on air freight services, while Diversified Freight System (DFS) focuses on sea freight services. This dual-brand strategy allows the company to enhance service quality and value by providing increased support and customized services including transportation, logistics, cargo insurance, import/export customs and inspections, domestic China transportation and cross-border road freight in Asia.

To successfully manage a global marketing service network and have the ability to manage information and data while providing B2B cross-border logistics services, Dimerco has taken a leadership position in tapping the wealth of data made available in the Internet era and through rapid developments in the Internet of Things (IoT). Utilizing Web 2.0 concepts, Dimerco developed the Dimerco Value Plus System, a service platform that combines international logistics management, sales, operations, finance and other services to provide a high-quality comprehensive solution for clients. The platform's real-time centralized information system optimizes internal management and external integration capabilities to further enhance the value offered to customers' supply chain management.

Dimerco is a leading international transportation and logistics firm that has been providing professional services for more than 40 years based on a corporate culture of strong ethics and customer commitment. Dimerco will continue to expand its business with the globalization concept, i.e. network globalization, product diversification and operation localization. Edward Lin, Dimerco Chief Executive Officer, said “Looking forward, Dimerco sees narrower gaps and uncertainties in global economic development. Driven by the FTA policies, the economy in the emerging markets of China, Southeast Asia, and India are expected to grow significantly.” Dimerco continues to take "China economic regions as a base" while continuing to actively connect with ASEAN countries, targeting China and Asia Pacific regions as its axis. 

 
Caption:Dimerco Hosts 2015 Annual Shareholders' Meeting

 
Caption:Dimerco Hosts 2015 Annual Shareholders' Meeting
                                            



06/15--Dimerco ranked on 2014's Largest Forwarders by Air Freight Metric Tonnes 
Multiple Corporate Victories Have Rolled In
Dimerco ranked on 2014's Largest Forwarders by Air Freight Metric Tonnes 
Lenovo MBG, PCG & EBG Awards

Taipei, June 15, 2015 - Headquartered in Taiwan with over 43 years of experiences in the logistics industry, the global logistics provider Dimerco Express Group was named one of the top 25 logistics providers of the "2014's Largest Forwarders by Air Freight Metric Tonnes", published by Air Cargo World (ACW)'s June 2015 issue, and the company also offered interview for ACW magazine. Dimerco was also the only freight forwarding company to receive the 2015 Lenovo MBG (Mobile Business Group) award for Logistics Excellence, as well as being one of the two logistics providers to receive the 2015 Lenovo PCG (PC Business Group) & EBG award for Logistics Excellence. These honors marked another significant milestone for Dimerco to become the "Most Competitive Global Transportation & Logistics Service Provider".

Demonstrates Exceptional Air Freight Service Performance

Dimerco Express Group was named as the 21st of the Top 25 (Power 25) of 2014's Largest Forwarders by Air Freight Metric Tonnes after rigorous competition among the top competitors worldwide, as the company managed a total of 204,332 metric tons in airfreight tonnage last year. The results was published by Air Cargo World (http://aircargoworld.com/power-25-forwarders-21-25/). Dimerco entered China logistics market 24 years ago, with a stable and successful business operation around the world. The 2014 revenue results represented a remarkable 19.8% increase from a year ago, and air tonnage had a growth of almost 30,000 metric tonnes. The ranking has demonstrated the company's outstanding and consistent progress in freight volume as a top air freight forwarder, with not only its management skills but also financial performances positively recognized by reliable sources like A&A (Armstrong & Associates, Inc.) and ACW. "Dimerco and all of our staff members are very delighted to receive such great honors," said the company Spokesperson, "and in particular, seeing our hard work and dedication in service performances come to fruition. We are excited to share these honors for the overwhelming support from our supply chain and customers, too, throughout the years. Being honorably named in two of the most globally-recognized logistics rankings will encourage us to moving forward, we promise to work even harder to provide customers with the topmost service standards."

Receive the 2015 Lenovo MBG, PCG & EBG Award

Themed "Perfect Time to Lead", Lenovo's 2015 Supplier Conference was held in Beijing on the 28th of May, and for the first time in conjunction with Lenovo Tech World, Dimerco was the only logistics provider to receive Logistics Excellence for the 2015 Lenovo MBG award for MBG Logistics Excellence, as well as being one of the two to receive the 2015 Lenovo PCG & EBG award for Logistics Excellence. These awards indicated the company's strong long-term partnership with Lenovo and logistics excellence, especially for the integration between Lenovo MBG and Motorola Mobility. Sold in more than 160 countries worldwide, Lenovo is the leading brand for consumer electronics, including computers and smartphones. The honors not only brought exciting news to the industry, but also demonstrated Dimerco's commitment in maintaining service quality and reputation as the company moves forward to reaching its next business milestone by promoting more corporate opportunities and future success.


Mapping the Global Market with Internationally Performance Excellence in Logistics Services

Dimerco has been developing and expanding its global network successfully since 1971. With numerous certifications awarded, the company eagerly implements professionalism into the logistics industry to provide quality services beyond high security standards to its customers. According to the interview from ACW magazine, Andy Hsu, corporate vice president of Dimerco said "The company is advantaged in its various integrated logistics services which diverse range of services, as well as all-encompassing logistics and warehousing. Not only do we operate within China and the Asia Pacific, but also have reached out to regions such as Europe, North America, South East Asia, and India." With strong performances in South East Asia and the China region, and an earnest attitude toward mapping its worldwide industrial network to promote growth in businesses globally, Dimerco is laying a stable groundwork for becoming top-notch cargo forwarder as well as "the most competitive global transportation & logistics service provider, integrator and consultant" in the market.

For more information, please visit http://www.dimerco.com/.


Photo Caption: Dimerco was named 21st on the 2014's Largest Forwarders by Air Freight Metric Tonnes, published by Air Cargo World's June 2015 issue



Photo Caption: Dimerco received Logistics Excellence for 2015 Lenovo PCG (PC Business Group) & EBG on May 28th, 2015



Photo Caption: Dimerco received MBG Logistics Excellence for 2015 Lenovo MBG (Mobile Business Group) on May 28th, 2015
                                            



04/30--Dimerco Singapore Receives TAPA Class-A FSR Certification 
Taipei, Apr. 30, 2015 - Dimerco Express Group (Dimerco), the global logistics service provider announces that its Singapore station is officially certified with Class-A Certification granted by the Transported Asset Protection Association, Asia (TAPA Asia). Recognized by the high level of security, Dimerco is currently an established global frontrunner in the logistics industry.

Striving to offer the best in Singapore, an international hub for logistics services
Singapore is Asia’s nerve center for global supply chain. Its strategic location in the heart of Southeast Asia and at the nexus of major shipping lanes has made it an important logistics hub and conduit for world trade. Coupled with pro-business environment, world-class infrastructure and excellent global connectivity, Singapore is the preferred logistics and supply chain management hub for leading manufacturers across industries.

Dimerco Singapore is strategically located in the free trade zone, which makes it the perfect transshipment hub for cargos going to South East Asia Region as it allows easy access and connectivity for both Air and Ocean. In addition, Dimerco Singapore offers a cost-saving option with Cross Boarder Road Freight (CBRF) service, which connects South East Asia to China Area.

TAPA is a unique forum that unites global manufacturers, logistics providers, freight carriers, law enforcement agencies and other stakeholders with the common aim of fighting against cargo crime to reduce losses from international supply chain. 

There are over 2,000 freight forwarders in Singapore, and only 33 of them are TAPA certified. Dimerco Singapore is one the first few to be awarded the Class A Freight Security Requirement (FSR) Certification, 2014 Version. Version 2014 has more stringent security standards than version 2011.

“We are delighted our Dimerco Singapore office has received the Class-A FSR Certification from TAPA Asia, it demonstrates our commitment and professionalism to provide our global customers total logistics services with topmost security standards,” said Dimerco spokesperson. 

Dimerco Singapore office is also an active IATA member, and is awarded RACA (Regulated Air Cargo Agent) certification by Singapore Police Force and ISO 9001:2008 certification as well.

Committed to top security with TAPA Class-A standard certification 
Established since 1971, Dimerco’s mission as a logistics service provider, integrator and consultant is to offer professional and quality services. Being certified TAPA FSR Class-A shows Dimerco is highly committed to the security of supply chain management and trade compliance in the freight forwarding industry. Prior to Singapore office, Shanghai and Malaysia offices were also awarded TAPA certificates.

Headquartered in Taiwan, Dimerco has expanded to a complete global network structure. With more than 43 years of experience, it is moving forward to set new milestones ahead. With numerous certifications awarded, the company executes its professionalism in the logistics industry, aiming to provide its worldwide customers with quality services and high security standards. Dimerco also shows its confidence in sustainability, and works towards the goal to become “the most competitive global transportation & logistics service provider, integrator and consultant” in the market.

 
Photo Caption: Dimerco Singapore office received TAPA Certification of Class-A FSR, presented on March 11, 2015.

For more information, please visit http://www.dimerco.com/.




03/06--Dimerco Announces Strong Growth 
Dimerco Express Group, the Taipei based global logistics and transportation provider, has announced its 2014 full year financial results at its annual management conference last week in Hong Kong.
Turnover has grown by 12.2% from the previous year to circa $577m in line with its strategic plans.
Edward Lin, Dimerco Express Group CEO, told the audience at the conference: “These results demonstrate how our pragmatic yet ambitious plans really deliver value to our shareholders and customers. They are a credit to our motivated and inspired teams around the World. Few companies can effectively cooperate at such an effective level as Dimerco; it’s a result of our unique approach to the market.”
The conference was attended by Dimerco managers, long term agency partners and other key players from around 30 countries. All were recognised for their contributions towards the continuing success of the business and a number were awarded for their exceptional performance.
Edward Lin and other members of the Executive Board also used the occasion to outline their ambitious plans and expectations for 2015.
He said: “2015 is expected to continue the same trend of growth with further improvements in bottom line performance and the introduction of a number of new services. These will complement our extensive traditional services and strengthen the newer services introduced over the last few years, such as the China – Europe block train.
”Our vision to become the world’s most competitive transportation and logistics service provider very much remains on course.”

Note to Editors
Dimerco Express Group provides ocean, air, road, multi-modal and logistics services from 190 own branches (stations) in 17 countries, including China (over 70 Stations), Taiwan, South Korea, Japan, Singapore, Indonesia, Vietnam, Australia, Thailand, Malaysia, India, Cambodia, USA, Canada, UK and The Netherlands.
Additionally the Dimerco agents cooperate in 12 further countries being, Germany, France, Eastern Europe, Northern Europe, Mexico, Columbia, United Arab emirates, India and Japan.



Photo Caption: Dimerco Express Group Annual Management Meeting in Hong Kong, Feb.26-27, 2015 

For more information, please visit http://www.dimerco.com/.




01/29--Dimerco Received “NETGEAR Best Logistics Partner Runner-Up” 
Taipei, January 29, 2015－Dimerco Express Group (Dimerco) is a globally renowned logistics service provider headquartered in Taiwan that has been in the business for over 43 years. The company was again awarded for a second time by NETGEAR Inc. as the “2014 Best Logistics Partner Runner Up” during the NETGEAR’s Annual Supplier Conference, and received also a second Authorized Economic Operator (AEO) certification grant from Kaohsiung Customs Office for demonstrating a reliable supply chain as well as high quality customer services, marking Dimerco an AEO leader in the industry. Moreover, Dimerco announced robust financial results earlier this month with steady business performances; recording an increase of over 10% in sales for both full year (2014) results and for the month of December  to mark NTD15.738 billion and NTD1.343 billion respectively. Dimerco continues to improve optimization and pragmatism in its business operation and to strive for its goal “to become the world’s most competitive transportation and logistics service provider.” 

Quality services recognized and awarded by NETGEAR as “Best Logistics Partner Runner Up” consecutively for two years

The NETGEAR Award was presented on Jan. 21st to Dimerco for its quality services accomplishments including both inbound and outbound management, inventory accuracy, an enterprise of quality, and innovative services etc. During the 2015 Annual NETGEAR Supplier Conference held in Hong Kong, the “Best Logistics Partner Runner Up” award was presented by Patrick Lo, NETGEAR CEO, to Eddie Law, District General Manager of Southern China & Hong Kong of Dimerco and on behalf of the company, which marks the second time in a row for Dimerco. NETGEAR is a global networking company that delivers advanced and innovative products to consumers, businesses, as well as service providers. “We are honored to be business partners with NETGEAR,” said Edward Lin, Dimerco CEO, “and we are very grateful for the recognition of the quality of our services.” By adopting Web 2.0 and supply chain management as a base, Dimerco has developed its own “Dimerco Value Plus System©” that provides enhanced efficiency and quality management services while continuously endeavoring to fully leverage professionalism resources. The company strives to make it become a best partner for its global customers.     

AEO Certified – Continuous to promote competiveness in the marketplace

Dimerco received another new AEO certification lately on Jan. 8, which was granted by Lu Zhen-Mao, Deputy Director of Kaohsiung Customs office in person, and received by Huang Zhao-Xin, Assistant General Manager of Dimerco Express Corporation. As matter of fact, the company was first AEO certified in Dec. 2011 and came with a 3-year validity until Sep. 2014. Dimerco submitted another application with supporting docs and that were reviewed by the AEO team to go through rigorous verification process in November last year before another AEO certificate was granted. Huang expressed thanks to Lu for onsite professional counseling and assistance provided by the Kaohsiung Customs Office; he also affirmed the friendly and positive working attitudes. With AEO becoming a global trend for all companies, Dimerco has been a strong advocate since June 2011. With the authorization, the company was entitled to enjoy advantages including a speedy and secure customs clearance which results with commercial goodwill as well as becoming globally competitive in general. This second AEO has confirmed that Dimerco is eligible as an optimized enterprise to provide security and efficient services with its supply chains, and is also committed to offer quality services to its customers worldwide. 

Diverse Services and Operations with steady and healthy financial growth 
Dimerco, established for over 43 years, continues to provide consistent operations and with a focus to developing global growth. According to the financial results released recently, the group had an increase of 10.4% in sales on a year-over-year basis in December 2014 alone, which equivalent to NTD 1.343 billion and in particular, while the North American region commands an astounding turnover growth of 31%. Whereas 2014 full year results with NTD15.738 billion or 12.2% growth compared to same period in previous year. Entering into 2015, Dimerco has developed strategic plans for the new year. Not only is Dimerco offering customers with convenient and speedy services, complying with safety standards, but also striving to become the best model for international logistics, and gradually advancing towards its goal “to become the world’s most competitive transportation and logistics service provider.” 

 
Photo caption: Eddie Law, District General Manager of Southern China & Hong Kong of Dimerco received NETGEAR Award from Patrick Lo, CEO of NETGEAR at the 2015 NETGEAR Supplier Conference on January 21, 2015.

 
Photo caption: The NETGEAR Award for “Best Logistics Partner Runner Up” awarded by NETGEAR Inc.

 
Photo caption: The certification was granted by Deputy Director Lu Zhen-Mao of the Kaohsiung Customs office on Jan. 8, 2015, and personally received by Assistant General Manager Huang Zhao-Xin of Dimerco Express Corporation.

 
Photo caption: AEO Certification Awarded on January 8, 2015


For more information, please visit http://www.dimerco.com/
                                            







12/31--New 3rd tier office set up in Changsha, Hunan Province, China 
Dear All,

We are pleased to announce that Dimerco International Transportation (Shanghai) Co.,Ltd, Changsha Sales Office will be set up and start operation from January 1, 2015.

Office Name：Dimerco International Transportation (Shanghai) Co.,Ltd. Changsha Sales Office
Address：Room 808, Building 5,No.495 Middle Shaoshan Road, Yuhua District, Changsha City, Hunan Province, China
Zip Code：410007
Tel： 86-731-84138466
PIC: Daniel Gong -Sales Executive
eMail: Daniel_gong@dimerco.com
                                            



12/16--Dimerco Accredited with China Well-Known Trademark 
Taipei, December 16, 2014－Dimerco Express Corporation (TWSE: 5609) is a global logistics service provider headquartered in Taiwan for over 43 years. The company announced today that it has recently been accredited with the “China Well-Known Trademark”. Dimerco becomes the first Taiwan-based logistics company to be honored and they anticipate this will bring a higher level of confidence to the industry.  At the same time, Dimerco Zhongjing Int'l Express Co., Ltd., a Dimerco subsidiary in China, was ranked an AAA classification in the 2014 enterprise credit ranking by CIFA. According to the financial report, the turnover from January to November totals to NT14.395 billion, with an increase of 12.4% on a year-over-year basis. Particularly, the business in Hong Kong and China increased 15.7% on a year-over-year basis, reflecting the company’s strategy and efforts in developing the China logistics markets.

Continue to explore the China market, with the “Well-Known Trademark”  increasing brand values
“China Well-Known Trademark” maintains a highly regarded reputation in China and is accredited by the Trademark Office, Trademark Review and Adjudication Board of the State Administration for Industry & Commerce, as well as the Supreme People’s Court. While counterfeit brands have become a critical problem in China, foreign companies receiving this “Well-Known Trademark” appeared to be safeguarded under this significant protection umbrella. In general, it provides benefits to customers including widening the protection on products (including dissimilar products) and lower possibilities of being diluted or raising confusion. Other benefits will provide solutions to disputes on enterprises’ names (including an online domain name), offering protection under the Criminal Law relating to counterfeiters and to enhance the corporate image. As such, the “Well-Known Trademark” will earn a better reputation and help importers win trust from consumers and spur economic interests. According to the latest report from the Trademark Office, only 30 Taiwan enterprises were honored, among which Dimerco takes the lead in the logistics industry.  Dimerco has provided customers with high-quality and reliable services while also strengthening its position in the Asia Pacific area. The company is dedicated to the China market with its prominent competitiveness and brand value.

Recognized with highest credit ranking and becomes the iconic logistics brand in industry
This year, Dimerco Zhongjing Int'l Express Co., Ltd., a Dimerco subsidiary in China, was ranked AAA by China International Freight Forwarders Association (CIFA) in the 2014 enterprise credit ranking. Following the AAA credit ranking by CIFA in 2007, Dimerco was once again named in the top ranking, which is only issued to a few registered enterprises in the campaign. CIFA, authorized by the relevant authority of the Chinese government, is a national agent organization of the international freight forwarding industry and has been entrusted as the third-party credit rating service provider. Since 2007, the association has carried out enterprise credit rating appraisal on over 6,000 member enterprises and group member enterprises recently based in China. The results depend on the comprehensive rating of an enterprise's credit based on the following aspects: 1) management quality, 2) business credit history, 3) professional analysis and 4) financial status. As Dimerco was graded AAA, the highest credit level, the company looks forward to escalating its brand image from the up- and down-stream vendors, governmental agencies, and to financial institutions. 

Dimerco’s, aim is to become “Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist”, pointed out in its consolidated financial report that the turnover from January to November totals NT14.395 billion, with an increase of 12.4% on a year-over-year basis. Particularly, business in Hong Kong and China accounts with an increase of 15.7% on a year-over-year basis. In fact, for November alone, the business contributes up to NT748 million, with a growth of 11.7% over last year and covers as much as 52.6% of the total turnover. The results represent the company’s ambition in proactively developing its logistics service in China. The obtaining of China Well-known Trademark and AAA credit ranking by CIFA delivers the momentum for Dimerco to maintain the company’s brand and reliable services to its global customers. With the recognition in its enterprise quality, business management, financial status, and social credit record, Dimerco steps further in its resolution to be the most competitive global transportation & logistics service provider. Step by step, Dimerco is moving towards its goal to becoming “Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist”, and staying firmly entrenched in the China market with its exceptional competitiveness and brand values.

For more information, please visit http://www.dimerco.com/


Photo caption: Dimerco accredited China Well-Known Trademark and becomes the first Taiwan-based logistics company to be honored.


Photo caption: Dimerco Zhongjing Int'l Express Co., Ltd., a Dimerco subsidiary in China, was ranked the highest level of AAA by China International Freight Forwarders Association (CIFA) in the 2014 enterprise credit ranking.
                                            



11/26--Dimerco Receives 2014 China Advanced Logistics Company Award 
Taipei, November 26, 2014－Dimerco Express Corporation (TWSE: 5609) is a global logistics service provider headquartered in Taiwan for over 43 years. 
Last month Dimerco received two awards in a row:  1) The “2014 China Advanced Logistics Company” after its long cultivation in China, through Dimerco Zhongjing Int'l Express Co., Ltd., a Dimerco’s subsidiary in China and, 2) Dimerco was certified as “2014 Excellent Company” by Taipei Chamber of Commerce (TPECOC), becoming the only Air freight forwarder to be honored this year with such a recognition. The two awards showcased Dimerco’s dedicated efforts in developing the China logistics markets and moving towards “becoming the world's most competitive transportation and logistics service provider.” 

The “China Advanced Logistics Company” award highlights the goal of becoming “Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist”

The China Advanced Logistics Company Award ceremony is held in Beijing every two years by the China Communications and Transportation Association (CCTA). The Association authorized Shanghai Transportation Trade Association (STTA) to review the stipulation of the campaign standards, and supervise the determining qualifications. Through its fair, just and transparent selection process, it is considered one of the most authoritative certification in the local logistics industry. After Dimerco received the award previously in both 2010 and 2012, it has proven itself again in 2014 marking a new level of achievement for this year. Since it was first established in China in 1991, the company never ceased to boost the development in the China logistics market, and its achievement along with its support has been widely recognized by all China customers and logistics partners. With the growing brand image and the strong competitiveness of its own, Dimerco seeks to be "Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist ". 

The only air freight forwarder in the industry to receive Taipei’s Excellent Company Certification 

The 68th celebration for Businessmen’s Day and Award Ceremony was held by TPECOC on October 31st at the Armed Forces’ Officer’s Club, in Taipei, Taiwan. Dimerco was certified as the 2014 Excellent Company in a ceremony where it was awarded the medal of “Excellent Company” by TPECOC. The purpose of the campaign was to promote: 1) business modernization, 2) operation legalization, and 3) enhance business reputation and service quality. Recommended by the Taipei Airfreight Forwarders & Logistics Association of Taiwan (TAFLA), Dimerco joined the campaign and was selected after being reviewed by TPECOC, Department of Economic Development, Taipei City and Taipei City Office of Commerce. As the only air freight forwarder that stood out from all 206 awarded companies, Dimerco not only brings exciting news to the industry but also delivers its commitment in elevating business operation quality and its enterprise reputation. With the certification, the company moves forward to the next milestone in terms of its management and logistics services.

Dimerco has been devoted to improving itself and providing comprehensive services for customers. It has continually endeavored to earn a reputation for excellent and by receiving two types of recognitions in a row confirming its commitment.  Dimerco Express Group insists on solid and steady growth and the awards not only have a long-term impact on the company, but represent its vigorous performance in the cross-straits area. In the future, Dimerco will continue to extend its logistics network in China and worldwide. In addition to fortifying its own strength, Dimerco expects to build up an international logistics brand that takes the market into the global arena.

For more information, please visit http://www.dimerco.com/


Photo Caption: Dimerco Zhongjing Int'l Express Co., Ltd., a Dimerco’s subsidiary in China, was named as “2014 China Advanced Logistics Company”. 


Photo Caption: Dimerco Express Group was awarded the medal of 2014 Taipei Excellent Company by TPECOC.
                                            



10/27--Dimerco Launches its "China Plus - China Integrated Value+ Services" and Image Video globally 
Dimerco Launches its "China Plus - China Integrated Value+ Services" and Corporate Image Video globally

Taipei, October 27, 2014 - Dimerco Express Corporation (TWSE: 5609) is a global logistics service provider headquartered in Taiwan for over 43 years. In order to boost traffic sales between China and the globe, Dimerco launches its unique "China Plus - China Integrated Value+ Services" to upgrading procurement for global customers and impacts a wide range of customers. Moreover, the company launches its new corporate image video which could be viewed simultaneously in Taiwan and globally this month, and features Dimerco’s corporate culture, to showcase its reliable moves from its Asia Pacific hub to the world stage.  

Initiate China Integrated Value+ Services and launching new corporate image video worldwide

Dimerco has been focusing on China and the potential development of ASEAN markets, plus committed to offering better services to related customers.  The company announced today the launch of the "China Plus - China Integrated Value+ Services" (http://www.dimerco.com/chinaservice/en.html) providing various service information from China domestic air freight/road freight, cross border road freight (China - ASEAN) / rail freight (China - Europe), to logistics warehousing (China - Hong Kong). These services mark not only an extension to international freight forwarding business with a one-stop shop service, but enabling global customers to make business transactions and procurement in China from end to end and vice versa. It will also extend into the future international logistics and freight management development capabilities. Dimerco's high level of trust and its rich international transportation & logistics service experiences, flexible teamwork, together with the empirics and professionalism in China's regulations and practices will help provide quality and customized logistics solutions meeting global customers’ requirements. Furthermore, Dimerco has launched recently its new corporate image video (http://www.dimerco.com/dimerco/en/CorporateVideo1.asp) on its global website. According to the company’s spokesperson "Our last video was made 3 years ago. This new video release incorporates our concepts to explore the new silk roads, and focuses more of our direction in future developments. It also features our worldwide office locations.  The video also conveys Dimerco’s core values and the spirit of our global vision as well as the ability to strive for steady development in the Asia Pacific markets." The new presentation delivers Dimerco’s strategies in green tech operations and deep-rooting to create a win-win via localization, all in all delivering Dimerco’s ambitions to "become the world's most competitive transportation and logistics service provider". 

Since its establishment, Dimerco has continually expanded its marketing network to over 139 business units in 17 countries covering Asia, North America, Europe and Australia. The company continues to develop emerging logistics markets (such as Cambodia and India), and aims to link Asia Pacific regions to the world. Dimerco is known to support customer’s quality expectations offering convenient, speedy and consistent  services throughout its global network. Its aim is to be the most trustworthy and competitive multinational partner for all customers.

For more information, please visit http://www.dimerco.com/ or use your mobile device to scan QR code as below.

1. China Plus - China Integrated Value+ Services


2. Dimerco Corporate Image Video





08/25--Dimerco CEO Edward Lin speaks at ASCM Forum 
Dimerco CEO Edward Lin speaks at ASCM Forum

Promoting supply chain management and experiences of two Dimerco Shanghai offices accredited with AAA ratings by SIFFA

Taipei, August 25, 2014 - Dimerco Express Corporation (TWSE: 5609) is a global logistics service provider headquartered in Taiwan for over 43 years. Recently, Dimerco CEO Edward Lin was invited to speak at the second "Asia Supply Chain Management (ASCM) Forum" to share experiences and insights in the supply chain management. Dimerco strives for perfection in both management and operations to deliver quality services to its customers. In the latest SIFFA (Shanghai International Freight Forwarders Association) review, both its air freight office and ocean freight office in Shanghai were accredited for freight forwarders' industry credit rating grade AAA. They demonstrated the company's commitment to share critical management and service requirements with their customers. Also the company has actively been involved in many regional events to demonstrate their proactive direction of globalization. 

Second appearance at the ASCM Forum focused on the regional partners’ concerns and a forum for regional exchange of ideas

Formed by several associations and industrial professionals from seven Asian countries including Taiwan, the ACSC (Asia Council of Supply Chain) hosted the second "Asia Supply Chain Management Forum and Cross-strait Logistics Development Forum" in Taipei International Convention Center on August 22. Since Dimerco received the "Best ACSC SCM Achievement of Year 2013" in the first year, the company continues to support the forum as a speaker in this year’s event. Apart from the China zone, Dimerco has been eyeing Southeastern Asia which has shown economic growth progressively for five consecutive years. With the first business location set up as early as 1978 in Philippines, Dimerco has been seeding successfully in Southeastern Asian markets including Singapore and Malaysia for over 30 years, and Thailand, Indonesia, and Australia for 20+ years with a total of 33 business locations established to date. As a vital speaker in the ASCM Forum, Dimerco CEO Edward Lin shared his insights on Asian-Pacific supply chain and strategies. Dimerco hopes to share its enriched ASEAN operation experiences, as well as to exchange ideas with prominent logistics & supply chain entrepreneurs and experts in Asia via this platform. While the company positions itself as "Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist", Dimerco has contributed to helping improve the Asian supply chain management standards for many companies. 

Receives highest credit levels - a recognition for corporate quality

Dimerco invests its efforts to reinforce service quality plus laying rigorous standards for itself to constantly show improvement. The company filed an application with SIFFA in Shanghai to carry out the enterprise credit rating appraisal. Positive results revealed both Dimerco International Transportation (Shanghai) Co, Ltd. and Diversified International Transportation (Shanghai) Co. Ltd were graded AAA, the highest credit levels for the freight forwarding' industry. The credit rating is recognized according to the integrated credit index including 1) management quality, 2) business credit history, 3) professional analysis and 4) financial status. Following an AAA rating in 2008 which was given by China International Freight Forwarders Association (CIFA), Dimerco continues to enforce its brand quality and continually adds more values to its global reputation.

Intense participation in regional events have added value to the corporate image 

Regional events have served as good opportunities to expand relationships with many organizations. Dimerco has focused on the company’s resolutions to continue their self-development. Dimerco has also endeavored to contribute to Asian supply chain management by helping it upgrade the industries processes. The company has maintained a healthy financial status and provided a strong base as an international company and at the same time strived to obtain the highest credit level. Dimerco has added value and strengthen their corporate quality and image which it believes is a win-win strategy. This has created stable growth, enabling the company to establish a wide-range of competiveness, and helped achieved its goal "to be the most competitive global transportation & logistics service provider".

For more information, please visit http://www.dimerco.com/



Photo Captions: Both Dimerco Int'l Transportation (Shanghai) Co, Ltd. and Diversified International Transportation (Shanghai) Co. Ltd have been appraised for freight forwarders' industry credit rating, grade AAA by SIFFA (Shanghai International Freight Forwarders Association).



Photo Captions: Dimerco Express Group was awarded the "2014 ACSC Best SCM Business Model".
                                            



07/15--Dimerco Announces Cambodia JV Operation and Full ownership of Australia offices 
Heading towards Southeast Asia & Pacific Markets for globalization plan
Dimerco Announces Cambodia JV Operation and Full ownership of Australia offices 
Receives second US patent and AEO Certification in Thailand

Taipei, July 15, 2014 - Dimerco Express Group, the Taiwan based global logistics and service provider, announces the official launch of its Straits Continental Logistics Co., Ltd.  This is a joint venture with its partner Straits International Pte. Ltd. in Cambodia.  The operation became effective July 8th.  Dimerco also revealed its full ownership of the three subsidiaries in Australia located in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane. Good news continues to flock in.  Dimerco recently received a second US patent for its Data Synchronization Method and AEO certification by its Thailand offices. The company continues to demonstrate its commitment for expansion in its globalization strategy in the Southeast Asia and Pacific markets, as well as to enhance more convenient and secured services for its global customers.

Optimistism in Southeastern Asian and Pacific markets and the strengthening of local services

While rapid formation of the ASEAN free trade zone can be seen, Dimerco also sees potential growth in the Southeastern Asian market. With the company's long term strategic plan to cultivate emerging markets in Southeast Asia and the Pacific countries, Dimerco has foreseen related market trends including Cambodia. According to a local official report, Cambodia's container volume grows 10% annually while attracting increased global investments; with economic growth expected to reach 7.5% in 2014. Dimerco is optimistic with the Cambodia market and invested 19.9% of the shareholding in the Straits Continental Logistics Co., Ltd. The company anticipates to provide more integrated and complete logistics solutions for local customers including but not limited to: offering an array of services from international air and ocean freight forwarding, the sea/air/land services, warehousing & logistics operations, cross-border trucking, domestic transportation, buyers consolidation, cargo insurance and customs brokerage service etc. Through strategic alliance partnerships with airlines, shipping companies, and the integrated supply chains, Dimerco can improve its services and could bring mutual benefits with growth in the future. Furthermore, with an opportunity from its Australian partner, Dimerco has preceded to buyback all outstanding shares to gain full ownership of the existing operations in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane, with eyes on future expansion within the marketplace. 

Successful US Patents and AEO acknowledgment raises logistics capabilities to new heights

By adopting Web 2.0 and supply chain management, Dimerco has developed its own Dimerco Value Plus System. With continuous research and innovation, its Consolidation Yield Management System and the Data Synchronization Method has successfully received US Patents. According to a Dimerco spokesman said, "We offer diversified services externally, whereas the internal study to get breakthroughs on information technologies never sleeps. The latest Data Synchronization Method can couple with "Business Intelligence Tool with Reporting" to provide zero time difference for our worldwide customers to get their required information." Good news came from Dimerco Thailand office as well.  Its application for the Customs Brokerage AEO Standard No. 54 filed on February 27th this year has been qualified, and will receive certification in this July. This international status represents the company’s excellent compliance and security management records while still offering convenient, streamlined customs procedures that Dimerco had committed to its worldwide customers.

Perseverance in service quality improvement and steadily expands operational footprints

Dimerco shows its continued perseverance in both services and innovative breakthroughs by obtaining various strict international certificates. Following the networks built in the ASEAN markets, Dimerco is taking one step further to connect its global roadmap with emerging countries in Southeast Asia and the Pacific countries, such as Cambodia. Dimerco has positioned itself as "Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist". With these added markets, Dimerco continues to show confidences to strive its mission as to "become the world's most competitive transportation and logistics service provider".

For more information, please visit http://www.dimerco.com/
                                            



06/11--Dimerco Hosts 2014 Annual Shareholders' Meeting 
Dimerco Hosts 2014 Annual Shareholders' Meeting
Continuing with business strategies and heading for Sustained Global Growth, Y2014 Q1 net income after tax and EPS triple growth compared with the same period of the last year

Taipei, June 11, 2014 - Dimerco Express Corporation (TWSE: 5609), a global logistics service provider headquaratered in Taiwan with more than 42 years of history, hosted its 2014 Annual Shareholders Meeting today. Dimerco announced its 2013 full year results with a consolidated turnover of NTD14.172 Billion with net income NTD131M and after-tax earnings per share (EPS) NTD1.02. The meeting passed a cash dividend of NTD 0.72 per share, and disclosed key development plans for 2014. These plans include: continuing to recruit management trainees, strengthening its regional Combat Teams, and providing integrated logistics services based on customer-oriented demand. Dimerco announced staying with its operation policies that will lead the company forward in its international growth.
Dimerco consolidated financial report was reviewed by CPA for the first quarter with a  turnover of NTD3.566 billion, representing a 14.9% growth on the year-over-year basis. Compared with the year-over-year loss of NTD14.5 million and -NTD0.11 result, the company enjoyed a triple growth. Net income after tax and earnings per share were NTD29 million and NTD0.23 per share.
Edward Lin, Dimerco Chief Executive Officer, said We will fulfill our set global operation plans as blueprint and strategy, for the sustainability and management of the group; in view of a rapid changing market, we offer an array of integrated logistics services to meet with customers needs in all aspects. In the future, Dimerco will continue to train regional Combat Teams to grow with the company, and we are confident in developing new markets to expand our global network.¯



Expanding international sales and improving MNC base
Dimerco saw slow economic growth in major countries last year, such as the US, Europe, and China due to their structural alterations; however, the US, and Europe are gradually recovering. The company provides intergrated logistics services including customers oriented demand¯. Apart from adjusting its customers management, Dimerco formed a special marketing sales team to improve multi-national customer (MNC) business development, and received a number of new customers last year. These breakthroughs resulted in overall performance growth since the fourth quater of 2013 are reflected in the first quarter of 2014. Dimercos continued growth is based on major strategic directions which include Network Diversification, Product Diversification, Operation Optimization, Data Integration, System Networking, and Management Localization, the blueprint for the groups sustainable management. These strategies are helpful to provide quicker and more convenient services for its global customers.
Global expanding and the next business peak
Dimerco has been continuously accelerating its global development plan. Currently, the companys global network includes 17 countries covering North America, Europe, and Australia with more than 139 locations worldwide. Looking forward, Dimerco sees narrower gaps and uncertainties in global economic development. Driven by the FTA policies, the economy in the emerging markets of China, Southeast Asia, and India are expected to grow significantly. Dimerco continues to take "China economic regions as a base" while continuing to actively connect with ASEAN countries, targeting China and Asia Pacific regions as its axis. Through its strategic alliance partnerships with airlines, shipping companies, and integrating supply chains, Dimerco will continue to expand its business with the globalization concept, i.e. network globalization, product diversification and operation localization. From top to bottom Dimerco is expanding its multinational customer base by introducing more innovative services to move to new heights in the second half of the year.

For more information, please visit http://www.dimerco.com/




05/30--New office set up in Hefei, Anhui Province, China 
Dear All,

We are pleased to announce that Dimerco International Transportation Co., Ltd. Hefei Sales office start operation from May 30, 2014.

Office Name：Dimerco International Transportation Co., Ltd. Hefei Sales office 
Address：Room 505 S, Building #11, Xihuan Central Plaza, Huangshan Road, Shushan District, Hefei, Anhui Province, China.
Tel： 86-551-62835857
Contact People: Mr. Karel Zhang
eMail: karel_zhang@dimerco.com
                                            



05/05--Dimerco Consolidation Yield Management System&copy; (CYM) and successfully filed for a US patent. 
Taipei, May 5, 2014 - Dimerco Express Corporation (TWSE: 5609) is a global logistics service provider headquartered in Taiwan for over 42 years. To cope with emerging trends of globalization, operational changes and surging consolidation requirements, Dimerco promotes its Dimerco Value Plus System© one step further with the latest Consolidation Yield Management System© (CYM), and successfully filed for a US patent. In fact, Dimerco, DFS (Diversified Freight System) and Dimerco Value Plus System© under the Dimerco Express Group are all accredited with trademarks in major countries, the additional CYM US patent in the family represents another milestone and further enhances Dimerco global competitive edges.

By adopting Web 2.0 and supply chain management, Dimerco has developed its own Dimerco Value Plus System©. Through continuous endeavor, Dimerco Consolidation Yield Management System© (CYM) has successfully derived to provide real-time consolidation operation. The network structure of Dimerco CYM is comprised of hub and skirt servers. The decision to build consolidation at skirt or hub will be made through Dimerco CYM for maximum efficiency. Recently, Dimerco awarded another patent successfully in Taiwan for its "Data Synchronization Method". This method serves to collate Dimerco world-wide data (includes CYM) from all locations into one central site. With its "Business Intelligence Reporting Tool" which is capable to provide accurate reports to its global customers on a real time basis, this is demonstrates Dimerco not only offering efficient services to its customers, but also its determination to strengthen its IT capability through successful patent applications.

Three major advantages of the Dimerco CYM include: workflow automation which results in optimized operation and reduction of the learning curve thus improving efficiency; integrating and advancing the capability of loading and consolidation between skirt and hub cities; and, increasing consolidation yields and efficiencies. 

According to Edward Lin, Dimerco CEO expressed, "With current corporations aligning its management control with sales and production, adjusting its procurement policy by multi-nations, multi-products and low quantity, our consolidation capability further guarantees our low cargo loss ratio and long term space arrangements with carriers, which in turn benefits our global customers with quality and reliable services."

Dimerco continues to promote its green policy and designated transportation services to fulfil customers' needs. Thru CYM, Dimerco has effectively managed all transportation systems and resources to reduce number of packaging and optimize space utilization. On one hand, this helps to protect our environment by avoiding resources wastage and lower our carbon footprint. On the other hand, it demonstrates the company's professionalism in the global logistics network.

Please access http://www.dimerco.com/dimerco/en/  for more information.

 
Caption: Dimerco promotes its Dimerco Value Plus System one step further with the latest Consolidation Yield Management System(CYM) and successfully filed for a US patent.
                                            



04/02--Dimerco Ranked Top by Taipei Customs Administration with Customs Declaration Submission thru Electronic XML 
Commits to good Corporate Citizenship
Dimerco Ranked Top by Taipei Customs Administration with Customs Declaration Submission thru Electronic XML 
Sustains Comprehensive Green Environmental Protection to Love the Earth

Taipei, April 2, 2014 - Dimerco Express Corporation (TWSE: 5609), the global logistics service provider headquartered in Taiwan for over 42 years, is dedicated to loving the earth as a vital part of its corporate citizenship. Dimerco makes efforts to strengthen and support green environment measures comprehensively from internal to all global offices, and from supply chains, partners to global customers. Recently in February, the company was awarded with the top rank by Taipei Customs Administration, Ministry of Finance to conduct over 80% in XML Customs Declaration. The award itself once again demonstrated Dimerco continuous to commit its corporate social responsibility in sustainability, and provide overall secured, convenient and diversified services to its global clients.

Support "Mankind is responsible to love the earth" concept 
Founded in 1971, Dimerco is the first approved OTC listed global logistics company in Taiwan. The award, granted by Taipei Customs Administration, Ministry of Finance to 26 out of 500 companies which had successfully processed over 80% customs export and import declaration via XML - the electronic data system that helps to eliminate usage of paper - in February, during which Dimerco was named best and top on list with highest transactions. "We believed that "More than 80% of Customs Export and Import Declaration processed through XML does not only help improve operation efficiency, but also reduce the waste for environmental protection." Dimerco leveraged our IT capability to make operation efficiency. We are grateful to this honor and will continuous comply with local regulations on security and safety in each and every country we operate; and committed to our citizenship responsibility whenever Corporate Social Responsibility is concerned, in particular, environmental protection issues;" Edward Lin, CEO of Dimerco said. According to Edward, the company supports the concept that "mankind is responsible to love the earth", that on March 29, Dimerco and its worldwide subsidiaries engaged also in the "Earth Hour" event, organized by World Wildlife Fund, with lights-off for an hour simultaneously. Furthermore, Joey Chou, General Manager of Dimerco Express Taiwan, advocated energy saving awareness in this event to join an encouraging "Earth Hour in Taiwan" video. 

Endlessly Green Policy Involvement
Dimerco Express Group had contributed to the Green Policy over the years. The company has joined the "Million Trees Project" for three consecutive years to plant over 30,000 trees together with supporters and effectively reducing carbon emissions and was honored the "Green Sustainability Award" in last January; Via innovations and technologies, Dimerco joint forces with global airlines, transportation alliances, supply chains, affiliates and global customers to support environmental protection from different aspects. The company had completed signing a Multilateral e-AWB Agreement with IATA (International Air Transport Association) this January and started carrying out the e-AWB (e-Air Waybill) program, which will gradually extended to cover all worldwide subsidiaries; meanwhile, Dimerco implemented the EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) approach with its agents and clients for efficient and precise information exchange, and developed the Consolidation Yield Management System© (CYM) to integrate related transportation systems that could save extra spaces and resources to improve operation efficiency. And not forgetting green workplaces, the company had implemented the 3R (reduce, reuse, recycle) concept, to include double-sided printing on papers in offices, and working via the "Dimerco Value Plus System" worldwide to reduce loads of papers and bills, and increase productivity. 

Dimerco anticipates global partners, customers and logistics network can join hands to make tomorrow a better world via cooperation and participation with a more economic green solution. As one of the global logistic providers, Dimerco has showed commitment to a good corporate citizenship for sustainability in the long run. 

For more information and green policies, please visit: 
Dimerco Express Group:  http://www.dimerco.com/dimerco/en/
Dimerco Green Policies:  http://www.dimerco.com/dimerco/en/GreenPolicy.asp


Caption: Dimerco Express Taiwan was awarded with the top rank by Taipei Customs Administration.
                                            



03/20--Dimerco founder & Chairman Mr. Paul Chien names Mr. Edward Lin as CEO to represent inheritance by generation. 
Inheritance by Generation & Professional Heritage
Dimerco names Edward Lin as CEO
Founder Paul Chien to remain as Chairman

Taipei, March 20, 2014 - Dimerco Express Corporation (TWSE: 5609) announces an official change of top management today (March 20th). Edward Lin, currently Chief Operating Officer of the company, is named CEO of Dimerco by Founder, Chairman and CEO Paul Chien. Edward Lin will succeed Paul Chien’s CEO position on both functional and responsibilities role. This change represents "Inheritance by Generation".

Dimerco Express Group has been under the leadership of Paul Chien for over 40 years. With his pursuit of excellence, Paul Chien ran the company with business ethical values and the corporate heritage culture. He had continuously strived to build Dimerco as the most competitive global transportation and logistics service provider, including diversified services, global marketing network, high efficient management system and its WEB 2.0 Dimerco Value Plus System©. Overall he had helped the company to develop successfully as it is today: a company of strong competency business scale in global transportation and logistics services amongst competitors over the years. With the transferal of his functional role and responsibilities of CEO to Edward Lin, founder Paul Chien will at the same time remain and focus on his Chairman position for the company.

Prior to joining Dimerco, Edward Lin, the new CEO, has been engaged in related sea freight, air freight and road freight services fields for over 25 years. Edward has been with Dimerco for close to 10 years and served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for the Group. From this he was the best candidate for the inheritance by generation and professional heritage. Edward expresses that following the instructions from the Corporate Board, he will continue to strengthen core business ethics and the corporate heritage culture. Through inheritance and transformation he will set directions and strategies of the corporate management with innovation and change. Furthermore professional resources will be fully applied to improve the company's accomplishments for continuous growth and sustainability in the global logistics market.

Dimerco adheres to develop global operations and business plans for future years. With "China economic regions as a base", and the active connections with ASEAN, the company also makes its efforts in strengthening the organization capabilities and regional marketing abilities. Forming regional "combat teams" comprised of staff that specialize and target regional marketing, local sales and customer services to help support new customers development. The company offers diversified "customer-oriented" logistics service to enhance global business growth as well.

In addition, Dimerco enhances to build corporate competitiveness by improving its core competencies via four major marketing strategies, 'Network Diversification, Product Diversification, Operation Optimization and Data Integration'. With its "Global Vision, Local Touch" policy - viewing from a global perspective and processing localized management - to form diversified professional teams, and leveraging of technology to reach its goals. Dimerco anticipates becoming one of the world's most competitive transportation and logistics service providers.

For more information, please visit: 
Dimerco Express Group: http://www.dimerco.com/dimerco/en/



Photo Captions: Dimerco names Edward Lin as CEO and Founder Paul Chien remains as Chairman. This change represents "Inheritance by Generation".
                                            



02/17--Dimerco Express Group Annual Management Meeting in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia,  Feb. 13-15, 2014 





01/27--DIMERCO Greets 2014 repositioning as DIMERCO - Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist 
Enjoys Shanghai Pudong Customs “Four Priority” grant in Q1 2014
Dimerco Greets CNY with Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist new slogan
Striving for 50% increment goal on sea freight business in the coming years

Taipei, Jan. 27, 2014- Dimerco Express Group (Dimerco), a global logistics service provider, headquartered in Taiwan, greeted the Chinese New Year of the Horse with its new slogan “Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist”. Its company in Shanghai, the China-based Dimerco Zhongjing International Express Co. Ltd also delivered good news becoming one of the top-ranked customs supervised warehouses. It was also granted with “4 priority” measures by Shanghai Pudong Customs to enjoy convenient priorities on Customs Transfer, Cargo Release, Customs Inspection and subject to conditions, Customs Release priority to enhance competitive advantage overall. Dimerco has already installed and activated the “paperless custom clearance” software to cope with China’s 2015 green policy. With a bright outlook and confidence in the future, Dimerco will continue to strengthen its four major marketing strategies and will strive to enhance its sea freight business. The ultimate goal is being to reach a 50% increment in sales in the coming years to keep up with its fast growing cargo operations in the group.

Optimism towards China and ASEAN and continuing to enhance both software and hardware services

Established in 1971, Dimerco operates under its overall mission “to be the most competitive global transportation & logistics service provider”. With a continued expansion of its global service network and constant assessment of the potential development in China and Asia Pacific, Dimerco has positioned itself with the new slogan “Dimerco-Your China & ASEAN Logistics Specialist”. Greeting the upcoming Chinese New Year of the Horse, Dimerco have strengthened 4 key marketing strategies including Network Diversification, Products Diversification, Operation Optimization, and Data Integration. This will provide quicker and more convenient services for its global customers.

Dimerco first entered the China market in 1991, and currently owns 7 professional licenses* as well as the "Class A Customs Bonded Warehouse" status issued by China Customs, China Inspection and Quarantine Service and Ministry of Transport of the People's Republic of China. Coupled with being connected to 3 major systems** this will allow Dimerco to work simultaneously with its customers to significantly shorten customs processing time. The end result being an enhancement of competitiveness relating to the provision of customer’s real-time tracing of their goods as well as zero errors via these systems. Furthermore, Dimerco has already completed installation of the Paperless Custom Clearance System software that will have to be carried out nation-wide by China's General Administrative of Customs (GAC) in 2015 by law. Dimerco are now prepared and activated in five of their major branches Beijing, Tianjin, Qingdao, Guangzhou and Shenzhen. The system will help reduce time consumed on data entry, eliminate errors during manual operation and simplify redundant procedures such as the scanning of documents. The end result is a significant rise in work efficiency and a greener solution regarding the environment.

In addition to being a “supervised warehouse” in Shanghai, Dimerco’s China-based company (Dimerco Zhongjing International Express Co. Ltd) received honor from the Shanghai Pudong customs on the 17th January, with a “4 Priority” grant. This allows the company to enjoy four convenient priorities regarding Customs Transfer, Cargo Release, Customs Inspection, and subject to conditions, Customs Release. This is due to begin in the first quarter of 2014, meaning even more positive news for their customers. 

Target goal for sea freight to catch up with cargo business, confident times ahead!

Dimerco sees a positive outlook for the future and will continue to focus on areas such as North America and Europe to match the steady growth of Asia Pacific regions over the past 5 years. In the next 2 years, the company will develop its land service expansion in domestic China and integrate with the international freight service to offer the comprehensive and efficient service to the customer.

Following a recent reorganization which has allowed more manpower to be released Dimerco is taking additional bidding. Furthering from its strengths in cargo bids, it is turning to sea freight bids, where the company showed better performances over last year. 


We have an overall 60% successful global biding record with a 10% increment per annum. Sea freight business is now approximately 28.5% in the company operations, and with the growth in bigger sea freight bidding focused this year, we anticipate over 30% within the next 3 years. Our ultimate goal is to have sea freight business reaching 50%, catching up with our fast growing cargo operations, making them both a core competency for Dimerco.

Mr. Edward Lin, Chief Operations Officer.

* 7 professional licenses including Customs Brokerage, Customs Broker Class A License, Bonded Warehouses & Trucks, Customs HS Code Classification Specialist Certificate, Executive Committee of Tianjin Customs Brokers Association, and Broker License of Entry Exit Inspection & Quarantine.
** 3 major systems including Customs H2000 EDI System, Inspection & Quarantine EDI System, and Inspection & Quarantine Warehouse CCTV System.  

For more information, please visit: 
Dimerco Express Group: http://www.dimerco.com/dimerco/en


Photo Captions: Dimerco Zhongjing International Express Co. Ltd. received honor from the Shanghai Pudong customs on the 17th January with a “4 Priority” grant, which allows the company to enjoy four convenient priorities on Customs Transfer, Cargo Release, Customs Inspection, and Customs Release, all in the first quarter of 2014.
                                            






    Subscribe >>  









































Software Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Software








Software Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


The software industry encompasses a raft of companies involved in the elaboration, maintenance, distribution and marketing of software. Software can be classified as follows: infrastructure, security, service automation, enterprise, content management, cloud computing software, etc. 
Globalization, increasing interest in information technologies, product innovations and technological advancements are the key factors driving the market growth. At the same time, software piracy, economic instability and currency fluctuations are the main market restraints. The US is the king of the software world in terms of production and development. IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, Google, Kaspersky, SAP AG, Apple, Symantec, Adobe and EMC are amid the most prominent players of the software global arena.
This MarketPublishers’ catalogue presents a slew of the research reports disclosing the current situation and historic evolution of the software market at all geographical levels. The research studies offer relevant data on the market size and structure; characterize major market trends and profile dominant market participants. The reports contain detailed analyses of different market segments and review the most recent business activities (mergers, acquisitions and collaborations). Besides, the research reports discuss future prospects for the market.





All Regions

--
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Global
                                                                                --Africa
                                                                                --East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                --Europe
                                                                                --Middle East
                                                                                --North America
                                                                                --South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Algeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Egypt
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Ghana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Kenya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Morocco
                                                                                                                                                        --Nigeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --South Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                                                        --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Japan
                                                                                                                    --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Malaysia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                        --Pakistan
                                                                                                                    --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Taiwan
                                                                                --Thailand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                        --Germany
                                                                                --Russia
                                                                                                                    --Ukraine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Austria
                                                                                                                                                        --Belgium
                                                                                                                    --Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                                                                                    --Bulgaria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Croatia
                                                                                                                    --Czech Republic
                                                                                --Denmark
                                                                                                                    --Estonia
                                                                                --Finland
                                                                                --France
                                                                                                                    --Greece
                                                                                                                    --Hungary
                                                                                --Iceland
                                                                                                                                                        --Ireland
                                                                                --Italy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Latvia
                                                                                --Lithuania
                                                                                --Luxembourg
                                                                                                                    --Malta
                                                                                                                                                        --Netherlands
                                                                                                                                                        --Norway
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Poland
                                                                                --Portugal
                                                                                --Romania
                                                                                                                                                        --Slovakia
                                                                                --Slovenia
                                                                                                                    --Spain
                                                                                --Sweden
                                                                                --Switzerland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Montenegro
                                                                                --Serbia
                                                                                Middle East
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Israel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Cyprus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Kuwait
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Saudi Arabia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Turkey
                                                                                --United Arab Emirates
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            North America
                                                                                                                --United States
                                                                                --Canada
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Anguilla
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bahamas
                                                                                --Barbados
                                                                                                                    --Bermuda
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Cayman Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Mexico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Argentina
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Brazil
                                                                                                                                                        --Chile
                                                                                                                    --Colombia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Peru
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Venezuela
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Software
--Application Software  --Operating System  --Programming Software  --Software Development  --Software & Technology Services Company Reports  --Video Games  

All Publishers 6Wresearch
                        9Dimen Research
                        AccuStream iMedia Research
                        Allied Market Research
                        AMID
                        Aruvian's R'search
                        ASKCI Consulting Co., Ltd
                        BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Barnes Reports
                        BCC Research
                        Beijing Zeefer Consulting
                        BisReport Information Consulting CO., Ltd
                        CHILDWISE
                        China Research and Intelligence
                        Chlue Research
                        Compass Intelligence
                        Daedal Research
                        DataGroup Booksellers
                        DataMarketResearch (DMR)
                        datamining
                        Detailed-Analysis Research (DAR)
                        Emerging Markets Direct
                        EU Research 
                        Euromonitor International
                        Evans Data Corporation
                        Feedback Consulting
                        Four-S Services Private Limited
                        GBI Research
                        Global Industry Analysts
                        GlobalData
                        GlobalInfoResearch
                        Grand View Research, Inc.
                        Gyan Research and Analytics Pvt. Ltd.
                        HeyReport
                        HJResearch
                        HnyB Insights
                        Huidian Research
                        ICON Group International
                        IDATE Consulting & Research
                        IDTechEx
                        IE Market Research Corporation
                        iGATE Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        IHL Consulting Group
                        Indagatio Research
                        IndustryARC
                        Infiniti Research
                        Infoholic Research
                        Information Trends
                        Innovative Research & Products
                        IS Advisors
                        JP Research
                        KBV Research
                        Ken Research 
                        Knowledge Sourcing Intelligence LLP
                        Koncept Analytics
                        Linarch Information Solutions
                        LP Information
                        Lucintel
                        Market and Business Development
                        Market Intelligence & Consulting Institute (MIC)
                        Market Research Future 
                        MarketLine
                        MarketsandMarkets
                        Meticulous Market Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        MicroMarketMonitor
                        Mind Commerce Publishing
                        NanoMarkets
                        Netscribes
                        Occams Business Research & Consulting
                        Omi Advisories
                        Orion Market Research Private Limited
                        Ovum
                        Parks Associates
                        Plimsoll Publishing
                        Plunkett Research, Ltd. 
                        Prof Research 
                        Progressive Markets (owned by Antviews Global)
                        QYResearch
                        Renub Research
                        ResearchFox Consulting 
                        ResearchInChina
                        RNCOS E-Services
                        S&P Consulting
                        SCRI International
                        Signals and Systems Telecom
                        Smart Research Insights
                        SMI
                        SNE Research
                        Stellar Analytics
                        Stratistics Market Research Consulting
                        Stratview Research
                        SunFaith China
                        TechSci Research
                        The Black Book of Outsourcing
                        The Business Research Company
                        The Insight Partners
                        Tuoda Research
                        US Market Insights (UMI)
                        Venture Planning Group
                        Visiongain
                        Williams & Marshall Strategy
                        WinterGreen Research
                        World Market Intelligence
                        Zion Market Research
                    



                            Found
                                 9960 publications                    



Global IC Card Management System Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... , it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in IC Card Management System industry. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type ... China Japan India Southeast Asia Others Main Product Type IC Card Management System Market, by Type Smart Door Lock Fingerprint Readers Fuel ...  Aug, 2017 118 pages


Europe Workforce Analytics Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Europe Workforce Analytics market. Chapter 1, to describe Workforce Analytics Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Workforce Analytics ...  Aug, 2017 118 pages


Europe CAE Software Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ... the CAE Software in Europe market,  ... Europe CAE Software market. Chapter 1, to describe CAE Software Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of CAE Software ...  Aug, 2017 115 pages


North America Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 1,500.00
The Digital Signage Software Market in North America is expected to register a CAGR of 9.1% during the forecast period (2017 – 2023). Digital signage is a vital part of information and advertising network in the present ...  Jul, 2017 74 pages


Latin America, Middle East & Africa Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 1,500.00
The Digital Signage Software Market in Latin America, Middle East and Africa is expected to register a CAGR of 12.8% during the forecast period ( ...  Jul, 2017 87 pages


Global Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 3,600.00
 ... Based on the component type, the Digital Signage Software market is segmented into Software and Services. The Software market is further segmented into Content Management ...  covers the analysis of key stake holders of the digital signage software market. Key companies profiled in the report include Stratacache,  ...  Jul, 2017 260 pages


Europe Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 1,500.00
The Digital Signage Software Market in Europe is expected to register a CAGR of 9.7% during the forecast period (2017 – 2023). Digital signage is a vital part of information and advertising network in the present era ...  Jul, 2017 86 pages


Asia Pacific Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 1,500.00
The Digital Signage Software Market in Asia Pacific is expected to register a CAGR of 12.6% during the forecast period (2017 – 2023). Digital signage is a vital part of information and advertising network in the present ...  Jul, 2017 87 pages


2017 Global Software Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 139 pages


2017 Global Software Defined Radio Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 138 pages


2017 Global Software-Defined Perimeter (SDP) Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 147 pages


2017 Global Software Defined Networking (SDN) Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 137 pages


2017 Global Software Defined Data Center (SDDC) Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 137 pages


2017 Global Software-as-a-Service (SaaS Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 141 pages


2017 Global Enterprise Social Software (ESS) Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 141 pages


2017 Global Accounting Softwares Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 150 pages


Global Retail E-commerce Software Industry Market Research 2017
US$ 2,600.00
 ...  are the Retail E-commerce Software market challenges to market growth? 10. What are the Retail E-commerce Software market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Retail E-commerce Software market ...  Jul, 2017 151 pages


Global IC Card Management System Market Research Report 2017-2022 By Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global IC Card Management System market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on IC Card Management System market. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type ...  Jul, 2017 131 pages


Global Accounting Software Market Report 2017
US$ 2,350.00
 ...  maintained a relatively optimistic growth, the past four years, Accounting Software market size to maintain the average annual growth rate of 5.89%  ... next few years, Accounting Software market size will be further expanded, we expect that by 2021 , The market size of the Accounting Software will reach 14300  ...  Jul, 2017 115 pages


Europe Data Quality Tools Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Europe Data Quality Tools market. Chapter 1, to describe Data Quality Tools Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Data Quality Tools ...  Jul, 2017 117 pages


Europe Antivirus Software Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Europe Antivirus Software market. Chapter 1, to describe Antivirus Software Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Antivirus Software ...  Jul, 2017 124 pages


Asia-Pacific Accounting Software Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Asia-Pacific Accounting Software market. Chapter 1, to describe Accounting Software Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Accounting Software ...  Jul, 2017 115 pages


Global and United States Antivirus & Security Software Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ...  all details inside analysis and opinion in Antivirus & Security Software industry. This report focus United States market, it covers details players regions product ... (Germany) F-Secure(Finland) NormanASA(Norway) Emsisoft(Austria) Key Regions United States California Texas New York Others Canada Mexico Europe Germany ...  Jul, 2017 118 pages


Asia-Pacific Retail E-commerce Software Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Asia-Pacific Retail E-commerce Software market. Chapter 1, to describe Retail E-commerce Software Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Retail E-commerce ...  Jul, 2017 118 pages


Asia-Pacific Educational Software Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Software University Education Software Adult Education Software Elderly Education Software Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Quality-oriented Education Software Examination-oriented Education Software There are 19 Chapters to deeply display the Asia-Pacific Educational Software market ...  Jul, 2017 116 pages


Youth Team and League Sports Software Market Strategies and Forecasts
US$ 4,200.00
 ... youth and recreational teams move to automated process The youth sports software is sold or given away free to teams, leagues and tournaments. Often a league will distribute the software to teams, clubs, or tournaments. Sometimes teams ...  Jul, 2017 737 pages


Global and Europe IC Card Management System Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022
US$ 2,960.00
 ...  details inside analysis and opinion in IC Card Management System industry. This report focus Global and Europe market, it covers details players regions product type and other details as following: Key Players Infineon Technologies ABNOTE Smart Card ...  Jul, 2017 116 pages


Global Software Market for Autonomous Cars 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ...  cars with autonomous levels of 3 or above. The software for autonomous car is the software that makes the car autonomous. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global software market for autonomous cars ...  of software for newly manufactured autonomous vehicles. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Technavio's report, Global Software Market for Autonomous ...  Jul, 2017 69 pages


Global Personal Finance Software Market 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ...  growth prospects of the global personal finance software market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the installations of personal finance software, which are downloaded as mobile ... , Global Personal Finance Software Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape ...  Jul, 2017 62 pages


Global Contract Life-cycle Management Software Market 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ... ABOUT CONTRACT LIFE-CYCLE MANAGEMENT Contract life cycle management software enables the organization to manage the life cycle of the contracts created or governed by the company. These include third-party contracts such as procurement, sales, leasing ...  global contract life-cycle management market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sale of contract life cycle management software license ...  Jul, 2017 92 pages


Global Brand Management Software Market 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ... , and marketing communications. Brand management software is a software for managing brand assets. The software includes several features for data management and organization of brand assets. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global brand management software market to grow ...  prospects of the global brand management software market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the new installations/volume of the brand management software market. The market is divided ...  Jul, 2017 69 pages


2017-2022 Global and Japan Antivirus & Security Software Market Analysis Report
US$ 2,670.00
 ... 2022, with a CAGR of xx%. This report studies the Antivirus & Security Software development status and future trend in Japan, focuses on top players in Japan, also splits Antivirus ...  Jul, 2017 126 pages


Global Oil and Gas Project Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Oil and Gas Project Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Oil and Gas Project Management Software development status and ...  Market segment by Type, Oil and Gas Project Management Software can be split into By Deployment By Module Market segment by Application, Oil and Gas Project Management Software can ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global Network Analysis Module (NAM) Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Network Analysis Module (NAM) market, analyzes and researches the Network Analysis Module (NAM) development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 108 pages


Global Live Video Streaming Services Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Live Video Streaming Services market, analyzes and researches the Live Video Streaming Services development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global IoT Operating Systems Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global IoT Operating Systems market, analyzes and researches the IoT Operating Systems development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global Human Capital Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Human Capital Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Human Capital Management Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 105 pages


Global Electronic Signature Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Electronic Signature Software market, analyzes and researches the Electronic Signature Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India  ...  China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Electronic Signature Software can be split into On-Premises Electronic Signature Software Mobile Electronic Signature Software Cloud Electronic Signature Software Market segment by Application, Electronic Signature Software can be split into Large ...  Jul, 2017 107 pages


Global Catalog Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Catalog Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Catalog Management Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 101 pages


Global Video Editor Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Video Editor market, analyzes and researches the Video Editor development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 100 pages


Global Translation Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Translation Software market, analyzes and researches the Translation Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 107 pages


Global Photo Editor Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Photo Editor market, analyzes and researches the Photo Editor development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software market, analyzes and researches the Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software development status and forecast in United ...  by Type, Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software can be split into On Premise Software On-demand/Cloud based (SAAS) Market segment by Application, Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software can ...  Jul, 2017 95 pages


Global Image Editor Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Image Editor market, analyzes and researches the Image Editor development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 108 pages


Global Enterprise Collaboration Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Enterprise Collaboration Software market, analyzes and researches the Enterprise Collaboration Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 93 pages


Global Drug Safety Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Drug Safety Software market, analyzes and researches the Drug Safety Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 97 pages


Global Construction Estimating Software Market 2017 Industry Research Report
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the Construction Estimating Software market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of players, regions, product and  ...  top players in global and major regions, and splits the Construction Estimating Software market by product and Application/end industries. The major players in global market include UDA ...  Jul, 2017 127 pages


Global Auto Repair Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Auto Repair Software market, analyzes and researches the Auto Repair Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 105 pages


Global Auto Dealer Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Auto Dealer Software market, analyzes and researches the Auto Dealer Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 103 pages


Global Audit Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Audit Software market, analyzes and researches the Audit Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 102 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:


























DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION (中菲電腦股份有限公司) annual reports, financial statements & CSR reports
























DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION (中菲電腦股份有限公司)
Annual reports, CSR reports of DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION, financial statements and other investor related company documentation in English and Chinese.







Home
Technology Computer Hardware DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION (中菲電腦股份有限公司)

Add to shortlist
Follow company








Code: 5403, Market: Taipei Exchange (Gre Tai Securities), Industry: Computer Hardware
                        DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION is principally engaged in the distribution of computer enterprise software, as well as the provision of system integration services. The Company's offerings include application software used in securities, bank finance, large chain store, warehousing, sea transportation and service industries; systems integration products, including computer hardware devices and software products, and services, including system installation and integration services, as well as system maintenance, hardware maintenance and application software maintenance services.                    



Reports
Announcements



List of available reports



Year
Document
Language
Date
Action




2016
Shareholders' Meeting Minutes股東會議事錄

Chinese
2016/07/07
Get English Translation

2016
Annual reports top 10 shareholders relationships information年報前十大股東相互間關係表

Chinese
2016/06/13
Get English Translation

2015Annual Report
Annual Report of Shareholders' Meeting股東會年報

Chinese
2016/05/20
Get English Translation

2016Handbook
Meeting handbook and supplementary material議事手冊及會議補充資料

Chinese
2016/05/20
Get English Translation

2016
Reference Material for Shareholders' Meeting Motions股東會各項議案參考資料

Chinese
2016/05/18
Get English Translation

2016
Meeting Notice開會通知

Chinese
2016/05/17
Get English Translation

2015
Shareholders' Meeting Minutes股東會議事錄

Chinese
2015/08/27
Get English Translation

2014Annual Report
Annual Report of Shareholders' Meeting (amended post-shareholders' meeting)股東會年報(股東會後修訂本)

Chinese
2015/07/29
Get English Translation

2015
Annual reports top 10 shareholders relationships information年報前十大股東相互間關係表

Chinese
2015/06/11
Get English Translation

2014Annual Report
Annual Report of Shareholders' Meeting股東會年報

Chinese
2015/06/09
Get English Translation

2015Handbook
Meeting handbook and supplementary material議事手冊及會議補充資料

Chinese
2015/05/22
Get English Translation

2015
Reference Material for Shareholders' Meeting Motions股東會各項議案參考資料

Chinese
2015/05/22
Get English Translation

2015
Meeting Notice開會通知

Chinese
2015/05/22
Get English Translation
 



Company news & announcements
No announcements/news found. 







Stock price:
37.60 TWD
Market cap:
23.55 BN
P/E ratio:
N/A

1% below 52 weeks high



52 weeks low:28.50
52 weeks high:37.95




Claim ownership of this page

If you are the IR manager at DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION, you may claim this page to provide new reports by file upload and update all information. Our customer service will contact you and verify your personal information.


Company information

DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION

81705168
http://www.ddsc.com.tw



Market:
Taipei Exchange (Gre Tai Securities)
Sector by TWSE:
Information Service
Stock symbol:
DDSC 
Stock code:
5403
Country:
Taiwan


Fine tune your search:

                        application software, application software maintenance services, bank finance, computer hardware devices, dimerco data system corporation, distribution of computer enterprise software, hardware maintenance, integration services, large chain store, provision of system integration services, sea transportation, service industries, software products, system installation, system maintenance, systems integration products,                     






×
 Request an English translation of the following document:



DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION
Our customer service will contact you shortly. Please provide a valid email and phone number.





Gender
Mr.
Mrs.



























Send














×
 Claim this page:


I confirm that I am the IR manager at DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION and have the authorization to represent this company accordingly.
Our customer service will contact you shortly to validate your claim. Please provide a valid email and phone number.




Gender
Mr.
Mrs.



























Send













×
 Send me updates:


I want to receive company updates about DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION:News, new reports and other investment related information.






Send












×
 Announcement details:












×
 Sign in required (it's free!)


Please sign to use the complete functionality of this website:

Follow stocks
Create shortlists
View all annual reports, CSR reports, meeting handbooks, financial statements, etc.
View announcement details
View complete list of announcements


Sign in now

                        Not a member yet?
Register here for free if you don't have an account yet.

                    
















DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION in Taiwan | Business Directory by D&B















































 Dun and Bradstreet 
Business Directory


LOGIN

REGISTER









 HOME 

D-U-N-S NUMBER
GET DUNS REGISTERED

My ACCOUNT


MY DASHBOARD





 




 Dun and Bradstreet 
Business Directory



















UNSPSC/Products
Company Name
D-U-N-S
Industry/SIC
Country



Search





Advanced Search




UNSPSC/Products


Lookup UNSPSC


Revenue

Select
< $1 million
$1 - $5 million
$5 - $10 million
$10 - $50 million
$50 - $500 million
$500 - $1000 million
$1000 - $10000 million
> $10000 million



Country

Select
China
India
US

Number of Employees

Select
< 4
5-10
11-49
50-99
100-499
500-999
1000-4999
More than 5000



Basic Search  
									Clear
Search

















DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION














D&B Verified Information


Company Provided Information









                                            Verified by Dun & Bradstreet 
                                            


Overview




 Corporate Information 




Company Name:
DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORPORATION


Address:

	                                                                            8F, 151, Hsing Ai Rd.,,
	                                                                            
	                                                                            
	                                                                            
	                                                                            
	                                                                            
	                                                                            Taipei City,
	                                                                            Taipei,
	                                                                            11494   
	                                                                            Taiwan                                                                          
                                                                            


Telephone:





Employees:
*****






 D-U-N-S Number 




D-U-N-S Number:
*********








 Registration Information 




SIC:

                                                                                5045 - Whol computers/peripherals
                                                                                7373 - Computer systems design
                                                                                7371 - Custom computer programing







 Key Employee 





                                                                            	President:
                                                                            

                                                                            	 
                                                                            	Chuang, 
                                                                            	Ssu Wei
                                                                            



                                                                            	General Manager:
                                                                            

                                                                            	 
                                                                            	Chang, 
                                                                            	Shu Yi
                                                                            











Related Tags
 



Taipei City
Taipei
Taiwan
Whol computers/peripherals
Computer systems design
Custom computer programing
 










This information is not verified by D&B
Executives




Name:

			                                                        		 
			                                                        		Chuang 
			                                                        		Ssu Wei
                                                                	

Title: President

 
 




Name:

			                                                        		 
			                                                        		Chang 
			                                                        		Shu Yi
                                                                	

Title: General Manager

 
 


 
 
 















Thank You


 Thanks for claiming the profile. 
 Your request will be reviewed shortly. 


OK








Thank You


 Message Successfully delivered to recipient. 


OK














 





Warning





OK













Product Highlights
The D&B Business Directory is a Business Directory of businesses that enables people anywhere in the world to find and connect with a company they want to do business with.
 
How does it work?


Search
											the D&B Business Directory to gain the insight and confidence you need 
											to find the best company to do business with, whether it is a supplier, customer or partner.
											Register Now  to see more search results.
Found your own business?  
			   								Claim   it here and update your company profile details.

			 									Found a company that you would like to do business with?   
			 									
			   									Connect     with them using our 1-click Connect feature. 
            								

            								Click on a company name in the search results to see the company profile. 
            								DUNS Registered business profiles can contain corporate information, registration information, 
            								key employee details, certifications, on-site audit details, product images and more.

								            To find out more about becoming DUNS Registered
											click here. 


Learn More
Register Now!
 
Already registered? Login to Search, Claim your company profile, and Connect.





Downloads & Offers
Do you have an offer code? Click on the link below to download a Whitepaper or Self Evaluation Report.

Click hereto download a Self Evaluation Report using an Offer Code


Login to claim your offer code.
Not registered yet? Register for free now!


















Home

About

FAQs

Contact






Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn









D&B (NYSE:DNB) is the world's leading source of commercial information and insight on businesses, enabling companies to Decide with Confidence ® for 173 years. D&B's global commercial database contains more than 240 million business records. The database is enhanced by D&B's proprietary DUNSRight ® Quality Process, which provides our customers with quality business information. This quality information is the foundation of our global solutions that customers rely on to make critical business decisions.

© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2000-2015. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Map
Feedback



















Dimerco Data System Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Software

Software & Technology Services Company Reports





Dimerco Data System Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
D3C8F607AB9B1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





Dimerco Data System Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of Dimerco Data System Corp. with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of Dimerco Data System Corp. key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key Dimerco Data System Corp. competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORP. - OVERVIEW

1.1 Dimerco Data System Corp. - Business Description
1.2 Dimerco Data System Corp. - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 Dimerco Data System Corp. - Milestones and History

2 DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORP. - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORP. - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORP. - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORP. - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 Dimerco Data System Corp. - Strengths
5.2 Dimerco Data System Corp. - Weaknesses
5.3 Dimerco Data System Corp. - Opportunities
5.4 Dimerco Data System Corp. - Threats

6 DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORP. – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 Dimerco Data System Corp. - Financial Snapshot
6.2 Dimerco Data System Corp. – Stock Market Snapshot

7 DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORP. - KEY COMPETITORS

8 DIMERCO DATA SYSTEM CORP. - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: Dimerco Data System Corp. Key Facts 
Table 2: Dimerco Data System Corp. Offices and Representations 
Table 3: Dimerco Data System Corp. Milestones and History 
Table 4: Dimerco Data System Corp. Key Executives 
Table 5: Dimerco Data System Corp. Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: Dimerco Data System Corp. Major Shareholders 
Table 7: Dimerco Data System Corp. Products and Services
Table 8: Dimerco Data System Corp. SWOT Analysis
Table 9: Dimerco Data System Corp. Profitability 
Table 10: Dimerco Data System Corp. Management Effectiveness
Table 11: Dimerco Data System Corp. Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: Dimerco Data System Corp. Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: Dimerco Data System Corp. Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: Dimerco Data System Corp. Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: Dimerco Data System Corp. Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: Dimerco Data System Corp. Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: Dimerco Data System Corp. Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: Dimerco Data System Corp. Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: Dimerco Data System Corp. Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: Dimerco Data System Corp. Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: Dimerco Data System Corp. 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: Dimerco Data System Corp. 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Dimerco Data System Corp. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis
US$ 499.00
Aug, 2017 · 50 pages


Alliance Data Systems Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


ADS - Alliance Data Systems Corp - Downgraded to a Sell - Company Analysis and ASR Ranking Report
US$ 62.00
Jul, 2013 · 9 pages


Cochlear Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Bolsa De Valores De Colombia - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
Dimerco Data System Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:






















IT & Technology Market Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology








IT & Technology Market Research Reports


Information technology (abbreviated as IT) refers to anything related to telecommunications, software, hardware, the Internet, or human resources engaged in these technologies. IT is part and parcel of the technology sector. The global technology exports are estimated at over USD 1.5 trillion per annum.
AT&T Inc., Telefonica S.A., International Business Machines Corporation, Verizon Communications Inc., France Telecom S.A., Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., Hewlett-Packard Company, Nokia Corporation are amidst the most influential vendors within the IT and technology market. In the future, the market is set to demonstrate considerable growth due to the soaring demand for IT products and services.
The research reports available in the Catalogue provide a detailed picture of the IT and technology market, including analyses of the competitive environment and performance of the key companies. The research studies examine main trends, mechanisms and challenges of the market. Besides, the reports assess the current situation on the market and provide data on future industry prospects.





All Regions

--
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Global
                                                                                --Africa
                                                                                --East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                --Europe
                                                                                --Middle East
                                                                                --North America
                                                                                --South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Algeria
                                                                                                                                                        --Angola
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Benin
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Botswana
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Burkina Faso
                                                                                --Burundi
                                                                                                                    --Cameroon
                                                                                --Cape Verde
                                                                                                                    --Central African Republic
                                                                                --Chad
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Comoros
                                                                                --Congo
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Djibouti
                                                                                                                                                        --East Timor
                                                                                                                    --Egypt
                                                                                                                    --Equatorial Guinea
                                                                                --Eritrea
                                                                                                                    --Ethiopia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Gabon
                                                                                --Gambia
                                                                                                                    --Ghana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Guinea
                                                                                --Guinea-Bissau
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Kenya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Lesotho
                                                                                --Liberia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Madagascar
                                                                                --Malawi
                                                                                                                                                        --Mali
                                                                                                                                                        --Mauritania
                                                                                --Mauritius
                                                                                --Mayotte
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Morocco
                                                                                --Mozambique
                                                                                                                    --Namibia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Niger
                                                                                --Nigeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Reunion
                                                                                                                    --Rwanda
                                                                                                                    --Sao Tome and Principe
                                                                                                                    --Senegal
                                                                                --Seychelles
                                                                                --Sierra Leone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Somalia
                                                                                --South Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Swaziland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Tanzania
                                                                                                                    --Togo
                                                                                                                                                        --Tunisia
                                                                                                                                                        --Uganda
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Zambia
                                                                                --Zimbabwe
                                                                                --Libya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cote d'Ivoire
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Sudan
                                                                                                                    --Timor-Leste
                                                                                                                                                        East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Samoa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Bangladesh
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Bhutan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Brunei Darussalam
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Cambodia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Fiji
                                                                                                                                                        --French Polynesia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Guam
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                                                        --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Japan
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Kiribati
                                                                                --North Korea
                                                                                --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                        --Lao PDR
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Macau
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Malaysia
                                                                                --Maldives
                                                                                                                                                        --Marshall Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Micronesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Mongolia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Nauru
                                                                                --Nepal
                                                                                                                    --New Caledonia
                                                                                --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Niue
                                                                                --Norfolk Island
                                                                                                                                                        --Pakistan
                                                                                --Palau
                                                                                                                    --Papua New Guinea
                                                                                                                                                        --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                        --Solomon Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Sri Lanka
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Taiwan
                                                                                                                                                        --Thailand
                                                                                                                    --Tonga
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Vanuatu
                                                                                                                    --Vietnam
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --St. Kitts and Nevis
                                                                                --St. Lucia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                        --Germany
                                                                                --Russia
                                                                                                                    --Belarus
                                                                                --Ukraine
                                                                                --Albania
                                                                                                                                                        --Andorra
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Austria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Belgium
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bulgaria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Croatia
                                                                                                                    --Czech Republic
                                                                                --Denmark
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Estonia
                                                                                                                                                        --Faroe Islands
                                                                                                                    --Finland
                                                                                --France
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Gibraltar
                                                                                --Greece
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hungary
                                                                                --Iceland
                                                                                                                                                        --Ireland
                                                                                --Italy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Latvia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Liechtenstein
                                                                                --Lithuania
                                                                                --Luxembourg
                                                                                                                    --Macedonia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Malta
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Moldova
                                                                                --Monaco
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Netherlands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Norway
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Poland
                                                                                --Portugal
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Romania
                                                                                                                    --San Marino
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Slovakia
                                                                                --Slovenia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Spain
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Sweden
                                                                                --Switzerland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Montenegro
                                                                                --Serbia
                                                                                                                                                        --St. Vincent and the Grenadines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Middle East
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Israel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Armenia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Azerbaijan
                                                                                                                    --Bahrain
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Cyprus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Georgia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Jordan
                                                                                --Kazakhstan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Kuwait
                                                                                --Kyrgyzstan
                                                                                                                                                        --Lebanon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Myanmar
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Oman
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Qatar
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Saudi Arabia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Tajikistan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Turkey
                                                                                --Turkmenistan
                                                                                                                    --United Arab Emirates
                                                                                                                    --Uzbekistan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Yemen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Afghanistan
                                                                                                                    --Iran
                                                                                --Iraq
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Syria
                                                                                                                    --West Bank and Gaza
                                                                                                                    North America
                                                                                                                --United States
                                                                                --Canada
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Anguilla
                                                                                --Antigua And Barbuda
                                                                                                                                                        --Aruba
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bahamas
                                                                                                                                                        --Barbados
                                                                                                                    --Belize
                                                                                                                    --Bermuda
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Cayman Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Costa Rica
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Dominica
                                                                                --Dominican Republic
                                                                                                                                                                                            --El Salvador
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Greenland
                                                                                --Grenada
                                                                                                                    --Guatemala
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Haiti
                                                                                --Honduras
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Jamaica
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Mexico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Montserrat
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Nicaragua
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Panama
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Puerto Rico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Trinidad and Tobago
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Virgin Islands (British)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cuba
                                                                                South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Argentina
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Bolivia
                                                                                                                                                        --Brazil
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Chile
                                                                                                                    --Colombia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Ecuador
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Falkland Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Guyana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Paraguay
                                                                                --Peru
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Suriname
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Uruguay
                                                                                                                                                        --Venezuela
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

IT & Technology
--Consumer Electronics  --Hardware  --IT Services  --Semiconductors  --Software  --Telecommunications  

All Publishers 6Wresearch
                        9Dimen Research
                        ABOUT Publishing Group
                        AccuStream iMedia Research
                        AFS Research
                        Allied Market Research
                        Ameria cjsc
                        AMID
                        ARC Financial Services Pvt Ltd
                        Arcluster
                        Aruvian's R'search
                        Asia Pacific InfoServ Pty
                        Asianius Research
                        ASKCI Consulting Co., Ltd
                        ATLANTIC-ACM
                        Axis Research Mind
                        Azoth Analytics
                        BAC Country Trade Reports
                        BAC EU Market Reports
                        BAC Industry Business Reports
                        BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC International Trade Report
                        BAC Market Reports
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Barnes Reports
                        BCC Research
                        Beige Market Intelligence
                        Beijing Zeefer Consulting
                        Bishop & Associates
                        BisReport Information Consulting CO., Ltd
                        Bonafide Research & Marketing Pvt. Ltd.
                        BPA Consulting
                        BRICdata
                        BuddeComm
                        Buhaisi Consulting International
                        Centre for Investment and Industry Analysis and Forecas
                        CHILDWISE
                        China Research and Intelligence
                        Chisult Insight Co., Limited
                        Chlue Research
                        Compass Intelligence
                        Daedal Research
                        DataGroup Booksellers
                        DataMarketResearch (DMR)
                        datamining
                        Detailed-Analysis Research (DAR)
                        Emerging Markets Analysts 
                        Emerging Markets Direct
                        EU Research 
                        Euromonitor International
                        Evans Data Corporation
                        Feedback Consulting
                        FineIntel
                        FirstWord
                        Four-S Services Private Limited
                        Future Markets
                        GBI Research
                        GCC
                        GCiS China Strategic Research
                        Global Industry Analysts
                        Global Research & Data Services
                        Global Sources
                        GlobalData
                        GlobalInfoResearch
                        GMR Data Ltd.
                        Goode Intelligence
                        Goulden Reports 
                        Grace Market Data (GMD)
                        Grand View Research, Inc.
                        Guangzhou CCM Information Science & Technology
                        Gyan Research and Analytics Pvt. Ltd.
                        HeyReport
                        HJResearch
                        HnyB Insights
                        Homeland Security Research Corporation
                        Huidian Research
                        IBI Research & Consulting Group Ltd
                        ICON Group International
                        iData Insights
                        iData Research
                        IDATE Consulting & Research
                        IDTechEx
                        IE Market Research Corporation
                        iGATE Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        IHL Consulting Group
                        IMARC Group
                        Indagatio Research
                        Industry Experts
                        IndustryARC
                        Infiniti Research
                        Infoholic Research
                        Information agency CredInform North-West
                        Information Trends
                        Innovative Research & Products
                        Intellectual Property Exchange
                        INTELLIROI
                        Investment & Research (I&R)
                        IRN Research
                        IS Advisors
                        JP Research
                        JuxtConsult Research & Consulting
                        Kairos Future AB
                        KBV Research
                        Ken Research 
                        Knowledge Sourcing Intelligence LLP
                        Koncept Analytics
                        Kuick Research
                        La Merie Publishing
                        Linarch Information Solutions
                        LP Information
                        Lucintel
                        Maia Research
                        Market and Business Development
                        Market Intelligence & Consulting Institute (MIC)
                        Market Research Engine 
                        Market Research Future 
                        MarketLine
                        MarketMonitor Consultancy
                        MarketsandMarkets
                        MarketSizeInfo.com
                        Maverick China Research
                        Meticulous Market Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        MicroMarketMonitor
                        Mind Commerce Publishing
                        NanoMarkets
                        Neodata Ltd
                        Netscribes
                        Nevafilm Research
                        NIIR Project Consultancy Services
                        NNMT Advisor
                        Occams Business Research & Consulting
                        OG Analysis
                        Omi Advisories
                        Orion Market Research Private Limited
                        Ovum
                        Parks Associates
                        Perform Ventures
                        Plimsoll Publishing
                        Plunkett Research, Ltd. 
                        Prof Research 
                        Progressive Markets (owned by Antviews Global)
                        QYResearch
                        Red Mobile Consulting
                        Red Mountain Insights
                        Renub Research
                        Reports From China
                        Research Facts
                        Research Nester Pvt. Ltd.
                        ResearchFox Consulting 
                        ResearchInChina
                        RNCOS E-Services
                        Rockville Research
                        S&P Consulting
                        Sadia Saeed
                        SBI
                        SCRI International
                        Signals and Systems Telecom
                        Simba Information
                        SkyQuest Technology Group
                        Smart Research Insights
                        SMI
                        SNE Research
                        Socintel360
                        Stanley Consulting Corporation
                        Stellar Analytics
                        Stratistics Market Research Consulting
                        Stratview Research
                        SunFaith China
                        Tariff Consultancy
                        TechPerspect Software Pvt. Ltd.
                        TechSci Research
                        Teleresearchlabs
                        The Black Book of Outsourcing
                        The Business Research Company
                        The Insight Partners
                        Tuoda Research
                        US Market Insights (UMI)
                        Vandagraf International Limited
                        Variant Market Research
                        Venture Planning Group
                        Ventures Middle East
                        Veraart  Research Group
                        Verify Markets
                        Vietnam Industry Research And Consultant (VIRAC)
                        Visiongain
                        Williams & Marshall Strategy
                        WinterGreen Research
                        WiseStrokes
                        World Market Intelligence
                        Zion Market Research
                    



                            Found
                                 94242 publications                    



Global and United States Vibration Platform In-Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ...  all details inside analysis and opinions in Vibration Platform industry. Major Companies Pinty(United States) Merax(United States) Rockagotor(Japan) AeroFix Cycles(Japan) YIRENQU ...  Jul, 2017 124 pages


Global and United States Treadmill In-Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ...  opinions in Treadmill industry. Major Companies Reebok(United States) SOLE(United States) BH(Spain) Teeburon(Japan) YIJIAN(China) ICON(China) TRUE(United States) Under Armour(United States) Vision(United States) WALKINGBELTS ...  Aug, 2017 124 pages


Global and United States Portable Speakers In-Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ... in Portable Speakers industry. Major Companies JBL(United States) Harman/Kardon(United States) HiVi(United States) BOSE(United States) Beats(United States) CircleMalls(United States) CorpCase(United States) Dell(United States) IDEA LINE(United States) IZENGATE(United States) Audiopipe (United States) BENTOBEN ...  Jul, 2017 158 pages


Global and United States E-beam Accelerators In-Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ... . As an in-depth report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinions in E-beam Accelerators industry. Major Companies IBA (Belgium) Wasik Associates (US) Jiangsu ... ) Iotron (Canada) Vivirad Group (France) Key Regions North America United States California Texas New York Others Canada Latin America Mexico ...  Aug, 2017 104 pages


Global and Europe Vibration Platform Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022
US$ 2,960.00
This report presents a comprehensive overview of the Vibration Platform market in Europe, which shares the history data information from 2012  ... covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Vibration Platform industry. This report focuses Global and Europe market, including details as following: Key Players ...  Jul, 2017 122 pages


Global and Europe Security Equipment Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022
US$ 2,960.00
This report presents a comprehensive overview of the Security Equipment market in Europe, which shares the history data information from 2012  ... covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Security Equipment industry. This report focuses Global and Europe market, including details as following: Key Players ...  Jul, 2017 118 pages


Global and Europe Hearing Aid Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022
US$ 2,960.00
This report presents a comprehensive overview of the Hearing Aid market in Europe, which shares the history data information from 2012 to 2016 ...  it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Hearing Aid industry. This report focuses on Global and Europe market, including details as following: Key Players ...  Jul, 2017 120 pages


Global Portable Speakers Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... their price change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Portable Speakers industry. This report splits Portable Speakers market By Connection ...  2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies JBL(United States ...  Aug, 2017 113 pages


Global Personal Computer Monitor Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Personal Computer Monitor industry. This report splits Personal Computer Monitor market ... 2017 to 2022. This report focuses on Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies Alienware(United States ...  Aug, 2017 128 pages


Global Money Counter Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... their price change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Money Counter industry. This report splits Money Counter market By Security  ... from 2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies Royal Sovereign(United ...  Aug, 2017 112 pages


Global Microphone Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ...  their price change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Microphone industry. This report splits Microphone market By Polar Pattern ...  from 2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies Audix(United States) ...  Aug, 2017 117 pages


Global IC Card Management System Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... , it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in IC Card Management System industry. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type ... China Japan India Southeast Asia Others Main Product Type IC Card Management System Market, by Type Smart Door Lock Fingerprint Readers Fuel ...  Aug, 2017 118 pages


Global E-beam Accelerators Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in E-beam Accelerators industry. This report splits E-beam Accelerators market ... Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies IBA (Belgium) Wasik Associates (US) Jiangsu Dasheng Electron Accelerator ...  Aug, 2017 109 pages


Global Digital Voice Recorder Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ...  details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Digital Voice Recorder industry. This report splits Digital Voice Recorder market By Recorder Interface ...  2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies Radwag(United  ...  Aug, 2017 106 pages


Global Digital Photo Frame Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... price change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Digital Photo Frame industry. This report splits Digital Photo Frame market  ... forecast from 2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies HP(United States)  ...  Aug, 2017 116 pages


Global Veido Projector Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Veido Projector market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD ...  of products Veido Projector Market, by Usage Gaming Home Theater Business Education Portable Veido Projector Market, by Connectivity Type HDMI USB Wireless MHL Others Veido Projector Market, by Image ...  Jul, 2017 126 pages


Global Selfie Stick Market Research Report 2017-2022 By Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Selfie Stick market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Selfie Stick market. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type and other ...  Jul, 2017 137 pages


Global Screen Protector Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Screen Protector market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Screen Protector market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players IQShield(UnitedStates) KlearCut ...  Jul, 2017 129 pages


Global Router Market Research Report 2017-2022 By Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Router market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Router market. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type and other ...  Jul, 2017 131 pages


Global Portable Speakers Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Portable Speakers market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Portable Speakers market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players JBL(United States ...  Jul, 2017 130 pages


Global Portable Memory Storage Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Portable Memory Storage market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Portable Memory Storage market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players WD(United States)  ...  Jul, 2017 127 pages


Global Pipeline Monitoring Systems Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Pipeline Monitoring Systems market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD ... strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Pipeline Monitoring Systems market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Siemens AG ( ...  Jul, 2017 105 pages


Global Microphone Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Microphone market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Microphone market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Audix(United States ...  Jul, 2017 128 pages


Global Memory Card Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Memory Card market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Memory Card market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players SEAGATE(United States ...  Jul, 2017 126 pages


Global Hi-Fi Music Player Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Hi-Fi Music Player market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  by them is also covered in this report on Hi-Fi Music Player market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Sonos(United States) Apple(United States ...  Jul, 2017 115 pages


Global Game Controller Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Game Controller market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Game Controller market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Microsoft(United States ...  Jul, 2017 132 pages


Global Electronic Dictionary Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Electronic Dictionary market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ... strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Electronic Dictionary market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Casematic(United States ...  Jul, 2017 146 pages


Global E-beam Accelerators Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global E-beam Accelerators market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to  ...  types of products E-beam Accelerators Market, by Movement Mode Linear Accelerator Circular Movement Accelerator E-beam Accelerators Market, by Power 20KW 50KW 100KW Other E-beam Accelerators Market, by Key Consumer ...  Aug, 2017 102 pages


Global Digital Photo Frame Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Digital Photo Frame market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Digital Photo Frame market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players HP(United States) Minidiva ...  Jul, 2017 158 pages


Global Data Cable Market Research Report 2017-2022 By Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Data Cable market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Data Cable market. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type and other ...  Jul, 2017 152 pages


Global Action Camera Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Action Camera market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Action Camera market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players GoPro(United States ...  Jul, 2017 158 pages


Microdisplay Market (By Type: Near-To-Eye and Projection; By Technology: Liquid Crystal Display (LCD), Organic Light-Emitting Diode (OLED), Digital Light Processing (DLP), and Liquid...
US$ 3,195.00
 ...  & services, new developments and business strategies Scope of Microdisplay Market Product Type Segments Near-To-Eye Projection Technology Type Segments Digital Light Processing (DLP) Liquid Crystal ...  Jul, 2017 115 pages


Magneto Resistive RAM (MRAM) Market (By Product: Toggle Magneto Resistive RAM and Second-Generation Magneto Resistive RAM; By Application: Automotive, Enterprise Storage, Consumer...
US$ 3,195.00
 ... , new developments, and business strategies Scope of Magneto Resistive RAM (MRAM) Market Product Segments Toggle Magneto Resistive RAM Second-Generation Magneto Resistive RAM (STT MRAM) Application Segments Automotive Enterprise Storage Consumer ...  Jul, 2017 110 pages


Flexible Printed Circuit Board Market (By Type: Single Sided Flex Circuits, Double Sided Flex Circuits, Multi-Layer Flex Circuits, Rigid Flex Circuits; By Application: Instrumentations &...
US$ 3,195.00
Global Flexible Printed Circuit Board Market is estimated to reach $33 billion by 2024; growing at a CAGR of 10.6% from 2016 to 2024. Flexible printed circuit board (FPCB) is a technology of assembling printed electric circuits on a flexible substrate. FPCB are designed as a replacement ...  Jul, 2017 140 pages


3D Semiconductor Packaging Market (By Technology Type: 3D Package-On-Package, 3D Wire-Bonded, 3D Fan-Out Based, 3D Through-Silicon-Via; By Materials Type: Bonding Wire, Organic Substrate,...
US$ 3,195.00
 ...  global 3D Semiconductor Packaging Market An exhaustive regional analysis of 3D Semiconductor Packaging Market from 2015 to 2024 will be included in the report Profile of the key players in the 3D Semiconductor Packaging Market, will be provided ...  Jul, 2017 120 pages


Global Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017
US$ 2,800.00
 ... Global Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Bluetooth Smart and Smart ...  Ready Market. The report analysis the global market of Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready by main  ...  Jul, 2017 95 pages


Global Near Field Communication (NFC) Market By Product Type (Non-Auxiliary Vs. Auxiliary), By Device Operating Mode, By Device Type, By Application, By End Use Industry, By Region,...
US$ 4,000.00
 ...  2022”, some of the major players operating in global near field communication (NFC) market are NXP Semiconductors Netherlands N.V., STMicroelectronics N.V.,  ... Inc., Toshiba Corporation, MediaTek Inc., Visa Inc., etc. “Global Near Field Communication (NFC) Market By Product Type, By Device Operating Mode, By ...  Aug, 2017 265 pages


Telecom Industry Business Outlook and Procurement Report H1 2017
US$ 1,950.00
 ... ’ opinion on the business outlook and procurement activities over July 2017-December 2017. Organizations can know about key business priorities, supplier price variations, changes in capital expenditure, and organizations ...  Jul, 2017 52 pages


IoT in Europe: Market opportunities and main applications
US$ 1,195.00
 ...  the size of IoT in Europe by connectivity, vertical and applications Case studies: We continue with a review of the IoT applications that leading telecom companies - Vodafone Germany, Orange France, Telefónica Spain and O2 UK - have ...  Jul, 2017 33 pages


Vodafone: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Vodafone performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Verizon Communications: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Verizon Communications performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information,  ...  suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


VEON: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on VEON performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis  ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants ...  Aug, 2017


United States Cellular: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on United States Cellular performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


T-Mobile US: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on T-Mobile US performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Tim Participacoes: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Tim Participacoes performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information,  ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


TELUS: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on TELUS performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants ...  Aug, 2017


Telenor ASA: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Telenor ASA performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Telefonica SA: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Telefonica SA performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Telefonica Brasil SA: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Telefonica Brasil SA performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Telecom Italia SpA: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Telecom Italia SpA performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























Dimerco Data System Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















dimerco data system corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Distributors - Discretionary
Sub-Industry: Consumer Elec & Applc Whslrs
Dimerco Data System Corp. provides computer system integration and software services.




Corporate Information
Address:

4/F, 57-1 Chungshan North Road
Section 2
Taipei
Taiwan


Phone:
886-2-2511-7233


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.ddsc.com.tw





Board Members




Chairman
Company


Chuang Ssu-Wei
Dimerco Data System Corp








VP:President Office
Company


Hu Shu-Hsien
Dimerco Data System Corp








President
Company


Chang Shu-I
Dimerco Data System Corp








Board Members
Company


Chien Yao-Huai
Dimerco Express Corp


Juan Yao-Chang
Dimerco Express Corp








Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


Chuang Ssu-Wei


Chairman




Chang Shu-I


President




Wu Shu-Ju


Chief Financial Officer




Hu Shu-Hsien


VP:President Office




Chiu Hung-Yun


Vice President




Fan Yung-Ping


Vice President







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































OPNSC | 中菲電腦股份有限公司 (Dimerco Data System Corporation)








































Partners | Oracle







Oracle

Country
Country
Communities
I am a...
I want to...


Welcome
Account
Sign Out
Sign In/Register
Help














Products




Solutions




Downloads




Store




Support




Training




Partners




About




OTN









 Back
This is no longer a published profile. 

To search for other Oracle PartnerNetwork partners and their solutions, please visit the Solutions Catalog.
   










More Information

Contact Help
FAQ
Partner Resources

Manage Profile



The partners listed in the Oracle PartnerNetwork (OPN) Solutions Catalog are part of the Oracle PartnerNetwork Program, however Oracle does not endorse any of the partners or their software, solutions, services or training listed on this site. Oracle disclaims any and all liability arising out of your use of the Oracle PartnerNetwork Solutions Catalog, including use of partners, software, solutions, services and training listed on the site.






 



Oracle Cloud
Learn About Oracle Cloud Computing
Get a Free Trial
Learn About DaaS
Learn About SaaS
Learn About PaaS
Learn About IaaS
Learn About Private Cloud
Learn About Managed Cloud




Java
Learn About Java
Download Java for Consumers
Download Java for Developers
Java Resources for Developers
Java Cloud Service
Java Magazine




Customers and Events
Explore and Read Customer Stories
All Oracle Events
Oracle OpenWorld
JavaOne



E-mail Subscriptions
Subscribe to Oracle Communications
Subscription Center




Communities
Blogs
Discussion Forums
Wikis
Oracle ACEs
User Groups
Social Media Channels




Services and Store
Log In to My Oracle Support
Training and Certification
Become a Partner
Find a Partner Solution
Purchase from the Oracle Store


Contact and Chat
Sales: +1.800.633.0738 
Global Contacts
Oracle Support
Partner Support





 






Integrated Cloud Applications and Platform Services

Subscribe
Careers
Contact Us
Site Maps
Legal Notices
Terms of Use
Privacy



Oracle Mobile


Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google+
YouTube
Oracle RSS Feed




  










