




G-SHANK Enterprise Co., Ltd.





































+886 3 477 5141
sales@mail.gs.com.tw






繁體中文
日本語
English










G-SHANK Enterprise Co., Ltd. 
                Design and Manufacture of Precision Stamping Parts 





Home
About Us
Product
Global Bases
Contact Us
eCommerce

















Guarantee
                    

Satisfaction
                    

High Quality
                    

Accuracy
                    

New Generation
                    

Key to your success
                    

                        This is what you were looking for
                    









                        In-house production ensurse
                    

                        Lower costs, Faster lead times, Higher quality
                    

                        40 years stamping solutionscustomized metal stamping parts in just 10 days
                    








                        High Quality & Accuracy
                    

                        Customized metal stamping parts in Just 10 days
                    

                        We are G-SHANK a company engaged in the manufacture and design of 
                        Precision Progressive Dies and Stamping Parts. Committed to quality,
                        safety and occupational health in our work.
                    




























Link


Video Live Introduction













                Copyright © 2010  G-SHANK Enterprise Co., Ltd.
            











































G-SHANK ENTERPRISE CO., LTD.

























Home
Service
Service Overview
Customized Sourcing


台灣經貿網
English
正體中文
日本語
简体中文
Русский
Español
Português
العربية
Indonesia
Tiếng Việt Nam
ภาษาไทย


Favorites(0)
Sign In
Register
guest no cache from cms-cm:172.17.0.7








Product
Product
Supplier
Sample




Advanced





Home

Company

G-SHANK ENTERPRISE CO., LTD.










G-SHANK ENTERPRISE CO., LTD.
                                 Add to favorites






Company Name:G-SHANK ENTERPRISE CO., LTD.
Business Type:Exporter
																			,
																		Manufacturer
																			,
																		OEM
Year Established:1973
Total Revenue:USD >   50,000,000
Tel (1):+886-3-4775141 EXT 107
Zip Code:桃園縣
Address:No. 56, Shang Ching Pu, Sinwu Township, Taoyuan, Taiwan
Main Product:Precision Progressive Tooling, Precision Metal Stamping Parts, Insert Molding, Tooling



Products





Metal Stamping Par..





Metal Stamping Par..





Metal Stamping Par..





Metal Stamping Par..





Metal Stamping Par..





Metal Stamping Par..





Metal Stamping Par..





Metal Stamping Par..





Metal Stamping Par..





Metal Stamping Par..




Contact Information

Owner:Mr.Lin
Contact Person:Mr.Huang
Contact Supplier
Phone Number:+886-3-4775141 EXT 107
Office Address:327 No. 56, Shang Ching Pu, Sinwu Township, Taoyuan, Taiwan
Factory Address:新屋鄉上青埔56號
Company Site:http://www.gs.com.tw

Last Update:
													2016-02-04
N/A
N/A
N/A

Contact Supplier



To:

Mr.Huang
																	,
																	G-SHANK ENTERPRISE CO., LTD.




CC:
Use ; or , to separate multiple recipients








From:


Sign in to have your contact details filled in for youSign In



 

*Email
Send a Copy to Myself



 

*Re-enter Email
Verified



 

*Subject




 

*Message




 


Upload file formats
																		:
																		htm、html、doc、docx、pdf、txt、jpg、gif、png



 

Estimated Purchase Amount USD




 


Continue







Contact Supplier



 


																		<
																		Back to previous step



 

*Full Name


Mrs.
Ms.
Mr.



 

*Company Name




 

*Location

Please Select a Country
Czech Republic
Finland
Gibraltar
Other
Montenegro
Serbia
Niue
Equatorial Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Kenya
Federal Islamic Republic of the Comoros
Liberia
Lesotho
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Monaco
Madagascar
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Malawi
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Reunion
Rwanda
Seychelles
Sudan
Sierra Leone
Senegal
Somalia
Swaziland
Chad
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Greenland
Guadeloupe
St. Pierre and Miquelon
St. Helena
United States of America
Anguilla
Netherlands Antilles
Barbados
Bermuda
Belize
Costa Rica
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Guatemala
Honduras
Haiti
Jamaica
Saint Christopher (St. Kitts) and Nevis
Cayman Islands
Saint Lucia
Montserrat
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
El Salvador
Trinidad And Tobago
St Vincent
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Nevis
F T/C C A
BR T/C C A
Argentina
Aruba
Bolivia
Chile
Colombia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
French Guiana
S. Georgia And The S. Sandwich Islands
Guyana
Peru
Paraguay
Uruguay
Venezuela
American Samoa
Australia
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Christmas Island
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Northern Mariana Islands
Maldives
New Caledonia
Norfolk Island
Nauru
New Zealand
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Palau
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
East Timor
Tuvalu
Vanuatu
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Samoa
Tahiti
Other Oceania
US T/P P A
Antarctica
Bougainville Island
British Indian Ocean Territory
Neutral Zone
Pitcairn
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
French Southern Territories
Mayotte
Gambia
Guinea
Bangladesh
Brunei Darussalam
Mainland China
Hong Kong
Indonesia
India
Japan
Cambodia
Korea, North Korea
Korea, South Korea
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Myanmar
Mongolia
Macau
Malaysia
Nepal
Pakistan
Singapore
Thailand
Taiwan, ROC
Viet Nam
Ryukyu
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Bahrain
Israel
Iraq
Iran
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Syrian Arab Republic
Turkey
Yemen
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Belgium
Bulgaria
Belarus
Switzerland
Germany
Denmark
Estonia
Spain
Faroe Islands
France
France, Metropolitan
United Kingdom
Georgia
Greece
Croatia
Hungary
Ireland
Iceland
Kyrgyzstan
Kazakhstan
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Latvia
Morocco
Republic of Moldova
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russian Federation
Sweden
Slovenia
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
San Marino
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Ukraine
Uzbekistan
Vatican City
Angola
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Benin
Botswana
Central African Republic
Congo
Cote D'Ivoire
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Djibouti
Algeria
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Ghana
Sao Tome and Principe
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Canada
Heard and Mc Donald Island
Antigua And Barbuda
Bahamas
Cuba
Grenada
Martinique
Puerto Rico
Turks And Caicos Islands
Brazil
Ecuador
Suriname
Cook Islands
Micronesia, Federated States Of
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Bhutan
Sri Lanka
Philippines
Cyprus
Saudi Arabia
Albania
Azerbaijan
Italy
Lithuania
Macedonia
Democratic Republic of Congo
Republic of Somaliland
Republic of South Sudan
State of Palestine



 

*Company Site
Not Available



 

Business PhoneExt.
+#



 


Submit












Loading ...
                  















Submit

















G-SHANK Enterprise Co., Ltd.








正體中文
日本語
English





		  G-SHANK 企業株式會社
		  				 
		  精密金型の設計、製作                  





TOP
会社案內
製品
事業拠点
お問い合わせ
株主のサービス






                     




	 

Company Name：G-SHANK Enterprise Co.,Ltd
Company 
		
Code：２４７６






 Financial Statement





Copyright © 2010 G-SHANK Enterprise Co., Ltd. | All Rights Reserved
















G-SHANK 企業株式會社








正體中文
日本語
English





		  G-SHANK 企業株式會社
						 
		  精密金型の設計、製作

                  





TOP
会社案內
製品
事業拠点
お問い合わせ
株主のサービス






会社案內
社長の話
会社のモット
沿         革
会 社 概 要
公司理念
未来ヘの展望













沿革





2009 
社内教育訓練システム、行政院労工委員会より“銅メタル”表彰される。



				2008
大陸東莞鉅悦工場の設立。桃園県政府より“長青企業卓越賞”表彰される


2007 
中国シンセン鉅宝工場の設立。


2006 
中国深圳工場の設立。


2005 
台湾本社ISO 14001＆ISO/TS 
				16949認証取得


2004 
グループ全体がERPシステムの導入及び運用開始


2003 

				中国天津工場の設立。マレーシア中国東莞鉅隆工場ISO-9000、鉅達工場QS-9000認証取得。


2002 
台湾がERPシステムの導入及び運用開始、マレーシア工場出資、工場の創立アメリカ 
				G-SHANK INC。QS-9000認証取得


2001 
中国市場の拡大進出計画。

        
				
				光ファーバー金型技術の研究開発計画

         
				日本より絞り金型技術の導入
         マレーシア第2工場の建設

        
				
				中華民国証券取引所の一部上場に昇進

        
				中国アモイ工場の創業

       
				 中国東菅第2工場の創業


2000 
中国東菅工場の設立始業
         台湾本社、新規金型注文を80/月に超える
         創業以来の最高年売上高を超える

        
				NT$82,000万円に増資


1999 
タイ海外工場の設立始業
         NT$62,350万円に増資
         メキシコ工場 TUV ISO 9002 認証取得


1998 
中国上海工場 TUV ISO 
				9002 認証取得

        
				タイ海外工場の創業
         台湾国内工業自動化ベストテンに表彰
				         中華民国証券取引所の2部上場


1997 

				台湾八徳にある日系工場を買収し八徳工場に設立始業
				         マレーシア工場 TUV ISO 9002 認証取得
				         中国上海工場の設立始業


1996 
台湾本社ドイツ TUV ISO 
				9001 認証取得
				         中国上海工場の創業
				         メキシコ工場ドイツ TUV ISO9001 認証取得


1994 
メキシコ海外工場の創業


1986 

				省力化自動機の設計製造販売を始業


1984 

				清掃、清潔、整理、整頓、躾、徹底　6Ｓ運動導入
				         日本金型技術の導入


1974 
ジーシャンク株式会社設立始業







Copyright © 2010 G-SHANK Enterprise Co., Ltd. | All Rights Reserved






































G-SHANK ENTERPRISE CO.,LTD. - TAIWAN VEHICLE B2B - Lets Media

















COMPANY
PRODUCT





ExhibitionNewsE-BookBuy/Sell BoardInquiry Match


LoginRegister

EN中



    ≡ Complete Automobile & Body Building≡ Auto Engine System≡ Auto Fueling System≡ Auto Intake & Exhaust System≡ Auto Cooling System≡ Auto Lubrication System≡ Auto AC System≡ Auto Body Stamping≡ Auto Transmission System≡ Auto Steering System≡ Auto Suspension System≡ Auto Brake System≡ Auto Wheel System≡ Auto Lamps≡ Auto Electric & Electronic≡ Auto Audio-Video, Communication≡ Auto Exterior Trim≡ Auto Interior Trim≡ Auto Fastener≡ Auto Raw Materials≡ Auto Accessories≡ Complete Motorcycle≡ Motorcycle Engine≡ Motorcycle Transmission≡ Motorcycle Frame Body≡ Motorcycle Brake≡ Motorcycle Suspension≡ Motorcycle Electrical Parts≡ Motorcycle Wheel≡ Motorcycle Accessories≡ Bicycle, Parts & Accessories≡ Special Purpose Vehicles & Parts≡ Electric Powered Cars & Parts≡ Modified Accessories & Equipment≡ Plastic & Rubber Parts≡ Metal Parts≡ Repair Tools & Equipment ≡ Machinery & Molds≡ Service       ≡ Complete Automobile & Body Building≡ Auto Engine System≡ Auto Fueling System≡ Auto Intake & Exhaust System≡ Auto Cooling System≡ Auto Lubrication System≡ Auto AC System≡ Auto Body Stamping≡ Auto Transmission System≡ Auto Steering System≡ Auto Suspension System≡ Auto Brake System≡ Auto Wheel System≡ Auto Lamps≡ Auto Electric & Electronic≡ Auto Audio-Video, Communication≡ Auto Exterior Trim≡ Auto Interior Trim≡ Auto Fastener≡ Auto Raw Materials≡ Auto Accessories≡ Complete Motorcycle≡ Motorcycle Engine≡ Motorcycle Transmission≡ Motorcycle Frame Body≡ Motorcycle Brake≡ Motorcycle Suspension≡ Motorcycle Electrical Parts≡ Motorcycle Wheel≡ Motorcycle Accessories≡ Bicycle, Parts & Accessories≡ Special Purpose Vehicles & Parts≡ Electric Powered Cars & Parts≡ Modified Accessories & Equipment≡ Plastic & Rubber Parts≡ Metal Parts≡ Repair Tools & Equipment ≡ Machinery & Molds≡ Service    
CONTACT USG-SHANK ENTERPRISE CO.,LTD.886-3-4775141886-3-4778479No.56, Shangcingpu, Sinwu Township, Taoyuan County 32741, TaiwanPageView：2287



G-SHANK ENTERPRISE CO.,LTD.鉅祥企業股份有限公司 


Contact Details886-3-4775141886-3-4778479No.56, Shangcingpu, Sinwu Township, Taoyuan County 32741, Taiwanwww.gs.com.twMain business Category：Auto Electric & Electronic；Metal Parts；Business ProjectMetal Progressive Pressing Molds, Precision Metal Parts, Plastic Injection Forming, Engineering Molds 





☰ Home
☰ Exhibition
☰ News
☰ E-Book
☰ Buy/Sell Board
☰ Inquiry Match
☰ Login☰ Join Free 中





 CONTACT



⟩⟩

		Lets Media is the B2B platform.
		There are more than ten years of experience in advertising and marketing.
		Welcome you to contact us

Contact:Lets Media
Contact:G-SHANK ENTERPRISE CO.,LTD.」







Exhibition
News
E-Book
Buy/Sell Board
Inquiry Match
Register
中 / EN

fans club


About US
Contact Us
Privacy Policy

Lets Media Corporation  ©2016 All Rights Reserved.







G-Shank Enterprise Co. Ltd



























Login | 

Register  | 
        
Buyer
Supplier


Messages  | 


Get Quotations




Products

Products
Suppliers
News






Popular Product Searches
 power bank 
 bluetooth speaker
 led
 bluetooth headset
 smart watch































G-Shank Enterprise Co. Ltd



More products from related suppliers



Submit RFQ and get quotes from verified suppliers

Request For Quotations (RFQ)
Get Quotations




Home
Product List
	
	

Company Information
   

Contact Us




Providing Precision Stamped Parts for Diverse Industries Built in 1973, G-Shank Enterprise has grown to become one of the leading providers of ODM/OEM precision stamping of metal parts. We have developed outstanding die design ability by accumulating more than 10,000 sets of die development. Assisted with highly efficient modular CAD/CAM, our design engineers are capable to solve and ov... More...


Providing Precision Stamped Parts for Diverse Industries Built in 1973, G-Shank Enterprise has grown to become one of the leading providers of ODM/OEM precision stamping of metal parts. We have developed outstanding die design ability by accumulating more than 10,000 sets of die development. Assisted with highly efficient modular CAD/CAM, our design engineers are capable to solve and overcome the challenges of innovative product development from diversified application fields. Worldwide Famous Brands Source from Us We have cultivated business relationships with key enterprises throughout Asia, the US and Europe, such as Sony, Motorola, Canon and Toyota. In order to provide better services and to meet customers' demands worldwide, we have built overseas offices and factories in the US, mainland China, Malaysia, Mexico, Thailand, Indonesia and Japan, targeting a total of 19 business sites by 2012. Quality is Our First Concern We have passed several certificates, including ISO 9001:2000, ISO 14001:2004, ISO/TS 16949:2002 and Sony Green Partner. To maintain our reputation in superior quality and ensure accurate precision, we have developed a well-defined quality control system from raw material selection to final product shipment. Contact us today to know more.

Business type:Manufacturer MoreStaff:2,500 to 2,999Year Established:1973








Contact Supplier:
Inquire Now


Huang, SandyInternational Sales Manager



Get e-mail alerts on latest products!




				Enter your e-mail address
				
















	  Products of G-Shank Enterprise Co. Ltd
	  


Inquire Now


Select all
|
Clear all


Please select product(s) below and click "Inquire Now"







Phosphor Bronze Shi...
			  









Steel Front Plate
			  









Brass Copper Shield...
			  









Stainless Steel Fro...
			  









Steel Front Plate M...
			  









Alloy Copper Metal ...
			  









Steel Front Plate M...
			  









Phosphor Bronze Hol...
			  









Phosphor Bronze
			  









Stainless Steel Parts
			  









Phospor Bronze Shie...
			  









Stainless Steel Met...
			  









Phosphor Bronze Shield
			  









Stainless Steel Met...
			  









Phosphor Bronze Plu...
			  









Seat Belt Component
			  





Show all products









Contact Details






For a quicker and more positive response,
Introduce yourself and your company
Indicate your requirements in detail
State any special requests or customization required
View sample
Enter 20 to 1500 characters


Send your inquiry direct to this supplier
Please type in English.



 
G-Shank Enterprise Co. Ltd

Address: 
No. 56 Shang Ching Pu, Jiudou Village, Sinwu Township, Tao Yuan, Taiwan (327)
Tel: 
			
 (886 3) 4775141  Ext : 107

			
 (886 3) 4775141  Ext : 107
Fax: 
			
 (886 3) 4778479

			Homepage Address: 
http://www.globalsources.com/gshank.co



G-Shank Enterprise Co. Ltd does not currently advertise comprehensive company & product information with Global Sources. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of company and product information.











	
	  Verified Suppliers of Metal stamping part
	
	


Inquire Now

 Add to Basket 
          


Select all
|
Clear all


Please select product(s) below and click "Inquire Now" or "Add to Basket"







Red bronze shiel...







Modular Plug 8P8...







Modular Jack







M12 Waterproof C...







Waterproof RJ45 ...







Modular Jacks







Modular Jack







Copper Wire Mesh







Keystone Jack



See more recently added Metal stamping part suppliers










Verified Suppliers Profile







Dongguan Qiwei Metal And Mold Factory

An expert in metal stamping, laser cutting, CNC machining and turning since 2007

                	Visit Supplier Showroom



Inquire Now








Xian Huan-Tai Technology & Development Corp., Ltd.

We offer casting parts of high and consistent quality; custom requests welcome

                	Visit Supplier Showroom



Inquire Now








JMC Metal Parts Co. Ltd

Specializing in metal parts for camera hardware and accessories

                	Visit Supplier Showroom



Inquire Now








YCH Ind Corp.

One-stop source for high-quality hardware

                	Visit Supplier Showroom



Inquire Now








First Trust Industrial Corp

45 years' experience fulfilling your OEM requests

                	Visit Supplier Showroom



Inquire Now





Popular Searches




Top Products

mail slots
metal stamping tools
Cabinet Hardware
decorative stamps
stamp holders
Motor Stamping
Electrical Stamping
Brass Forging Part
Brass Precision Part
Brass Turning Part



Top China Suppliers

China Motor Stamping
China Cold Heading Parts
China Metal Stamping Die
China Cnc Machining Metal Parts
China Deep Drawing Stamping Part
China Automotive Stamping Parts
China Copper Parts
China Electrical Stampings
China Erection Anchor
China Lifting Anchors



Top Wholesale Products

Wholesale Cabinet Hardware
Wholesale Brass Part
Wholesale Motor Stamping
Wholesale Electrical Stamping
Wholesale 9Mm Stainless
Wholesale 9Mm Stainless Steel
Wholesale 9Mm Stainless Steels
Wholesale 9Mm Steel
Wholesale 9Mm Steel Products
Wholesale 9Mm Steels



Factories

mail slots Factories
metal stamping tools Factories
Cabinet Hardware Factories
decorative stamps Factories
stamp holders Factories
Motor Stamping Factories
Electrical Stamping Factories
Brass Forging Part Factories
Brass Precision Part Factories
Brass Turning Part Factories



Product catalog

e stamp
metal stamping kit
clear stamps
mail slots
e parts
alphabet stamps
steel stamps
associated packaging
hatch stamping
kinds of metal





Products Page 1
Products Page 2







      Share:
	  Facebook
Twitter
Google +
LinkedIn


	Follow us:  E-mail
 Bookmark



Find More Products:
Browse Product Categories
|
New Products
|
Top China Suppliers
|
Top Products


Copyright © 2017 Media Data Systems Pte Ltd (Singapore Co. Reg. No. 199001601W). All rights reserved.
 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Security Measures IP Policy
About The Translation
hkweb21.globalsources.com






Request for quotations


Fast and easy to use
Receive tailored offers
Compare quotations
Learn more






Close

Please select your preferred language:

If you wish to change the language or use the original language later, please refer to the header or footer for more language options.





















Contact Supplier:
Huang, SandyInternational Sales Manager


Inquire Now




Product Alert
Get e-mail alerts on latest products!





				Enter your e-mail address
				







Back to Top






AC





Inquire Now


 Add to Basket





Min. Order:



FOB Price:



Certs:
 More...


Video:Low|High












  Verified Manufacturer
  

    The business scope of this supplier's independently verified Business Registration, as licensed by relevant government agencies, allows it to manufacture goods.
    View BR Profile






 Supplier Capability Assessment
  

    This supplier has a supplier audit from an independent 3rd party of TÜV SÜD, Bureau Veritas or Easecredit.
    View details






 Private Sourcing Event
  

    This supplier was selected by a volume buyer to attend a Private Sourcing Event. 
    Learn more







 Magazine
  
Learn more by viewing this supplier's Magazine ad.



Download:Full-size ad  | e-Magazine | iPad app





 Major Customer
  

    This supplier has worked with the following Major Customers: 
	

View all






 Trade Show
  

Come and meet us at the Fair! Register




This supplier has exhibited at one or more of our specialized sourcing Trade Shows.



Click here to view  the online booth


View all





 Online Store
  

    This supplier has one or more e-commerce storefronts accessible here:   
	

Click here to learn more about this supplier








    This supplier is a participant in the Hinrich Foundation`s Export Assistance Program, which supports verified export manufacturers in developing countries across Asia.  
	
Learn more







Is the product image unclear or different from the product description? Is the product description or specifications incorrect or confusing?
Yes | No


Thank you!
Your submission has been received and will be reviewed.
Close










Request For Quotations (RFQ)
Fast-track your sourcing process in 3 easy steps

Submit request
Compare quotations
Contact suppliers

Get Quotations
Learn more













 








G-Shank Enterprise Co., Ltd. (钜祥企业) Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  G-Shank Enterprise Co., Ltd. (钜祥企业)     







 


 Taiwan                
G-Shank Enterprise Co., Ltd. (钜祥企业)
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing
Available in: English & Chinese
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Headquarters
                                56, Shing Ching Pu, Hsinwu, Taoyuan, Taiwan                                
                                Taoyuan County;                                Taoyuan County;                                Map 


Tel: 886-3-477
Fax: 886-3-477




Website:
http://www.gs.com.tw 



 

Company Description                    




                        G-Shank Enterprise Co., Ltd. was founded in 1973. Since its establishment, it has set up branches in various countries an regions including Malaysia, USA, Mexico, Thailand, Indonesia, China-Shanghai, Dongguan, G-Long, Xiamen, Suzhou, Qingdao, Tianjin, Shenzhen, which have received ISO9002 and ISO 9001 certifications. In 1998 the company was publicly listed in Over-The-Counter and transferred to be listed in TSEC market in 2001. The company is primarily engaged in the manufacture and distribution of precision metal stamping parts, components, moulds, tools and other products. The company provides connector shells, contact terminals, sliding switches, switch buttons, the spindle motor parts, stepping motor parts, memory cards, spare parts, semi-fixed resistance parts, variable resistor components and camera module metal shrapnel, among others. Its products are applied in audio equipment, computers, liquid crystal display (LCD) monitors, televisions, digital cameras, mobile phones, routers, power supplies, ceramic capacitors, inductors, transformers, motors, among others. The company distributes its products within the domestic market and to overseas markets, including Mainland China, Southeast Asia, Japan, the United States and Canada.                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 

     2476.TW Company Profile & Executives - G-SHANK Enterprise Co. Ltd. - Wall Street Journal                                  DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              DJIA ▲  22028.17 0.05%        S&P 500 ▲  2472.15 -0.22%        Nasdaq ▲  6346.11 -0.26%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  9/32 yield 2.239%        Crude Oil ▲  49.25 -0.69%        Euro ▲  1.1872 0.13%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     Asia Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    3 August 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In             G-SHANK Enterprise Co. Ltd. 2476 (Taiwan)      search    View All companies            2:45 PM CST 08/03/17     NT$25.55 TWD     -1.40 -5.19%     Volume 446,000       Volume 446,000     65 Day Avg Vol 174,446     1 Day Range 25.10 - 25.60     52 Week Range 22.70 - 29.50 (09/02/16 - 02/14/17)          1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Industrial Goods      Compare to    Add          Open  25.15   Prior Close  26.95 (08/02/17)     1 Day    2476 -5.19%     DJIA 0.05%     S&P 500 -0.22%     Industrial Goods 0.75%                             Overview Profile     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              Company Info G-SHANK Enterprise Co. Ltd.        56 Shing Ching Pu Taoyuan  Taiwan   Website Map       Employees  2,547    Sector  Industrial Electronics      Sales or Revenue  4.90 B    Industry  Industrial Goods      1Y Sales Change   3.35%     Fiscal Year Ends  December 31 Download Reports                      Description G-SHANK Enterprise Co. Ltd.      G-Shank Enterprise Co., Ltd. is engaged in the design and production of precision progressive dies and stamping parts. The company also manufactures and sells stepping motors, spindle motors, molds, punching items, metal stamping tools, and connectors. Its products are applied in various electric appliances and machinery components. The company was founded on November 14, 1973 and is headquartered in Taoyuan, Taiwan    expand             Key People G-SHANK Enterprise Co. Ltd.   Board of Directors    Name/Title Current Board Membership          Yue Huang Lin,   Chairman & General Manager   G-Shank Enterprise Co., Ltd.      Hsien Kuo Lin,   Director & Vice President   G-Shank Enterprise Thailand Co., Ltd., G-Shank, Inc., Xiamen G-Shank Precision Mould Co., Ltd., Suzhou G-Shank Precision Mould Co., Ltd., Qingdao G-Shank Precision Mould Co., Ltd., G Long Precision Machinery Dongguan Co. Ltd., Tianjin G-Shank Precision Mould Co., Ltd., G-Shank Enterprise Co., Ltd.      Yi Jan Li,   Member-Supervisory Board   Taiwan Noble Electronics Co. Ltd., Noble South China Electronics Co., Ltd., G-Shank Enterprise Co., Ltd., Sunflex Technology Corp., Pao Li International Development Co. Ltd.       expand    All Executives     Yue Huang Lin Chairman & General Manager     Hsien Kuo Lin Director & Vice President     Yi Jan Li Member-Supervisory Board     Wen Chang Shih Spokesman      expand         Advertisement            Average Growth Rates G-SHANK Enterprise Co. Ltd.   Past Five Years Ending 12/31/2016 (Fiscal Year)     Revenue  +1.96%    Net Income  +3.25%    Earnings Per Share  +2.91%      Capital Spending  -13.16%    Gross Margin  +31.84%    Cash Flow  +11.09%             Insider Trading G-SHANK Enterprise Co. Ltd.   Transaction SummaryTotal Insider Purchases and Sales Reported to the SEC Data not available.   Data not available.           Ownership G-SHANK Enterprise Co. Ltd.    Mutual Funds that own 2476     Name Shares Held % Shares Out Change In Shares % of Assets As of Date         Delta Lloyd Azië Deelnemingen Fonds 6,348,680 3.48% -397,000 6.71% 10/31/16   DFA Dimensional Emerging Markets Value Fund 2,144,902 1.18% 0 0.01% 04/30/17   PFS Somerset Cap. Mgmt. Invt. Fds. ICVC - Emer. Mkt. Small Cap 1,757,170 0.96% 0 1.42% 06/30/17   DFA Emerging Markets Core Equity Portfolio 1,169,510 0.64% +215,000 0.00% 04/30/17   DFA Emerging Markets Small Cap Series 852,281 0.47% +30,000 0.01% 04/30/17   Dimensional Funds Plc - Emerging Markets Value Fund 270,284 0.15% +270,284 0.01% 11/30/16   Dimensional Funds ICVC - Emerging Markets Core Equity Fund 80,333 0.04% +80,333 0.00% 12/31/16   DFA Emerging Markets Social Core Equity Portfolio 63,382 0.04% +63,382 0.00% 01/31/17   Dimensional Funds II Plc - Emerging Markets Targeted Value Fd. 58,647 0.03% +58,647 0.01% 11/30/16   John Hancock II - Emerging Markets Fund 49,562 0.03% 0 0.00% 04/30/17      expand      Institutions that own 2476     Name Shares Held % Shares Out Change In Shares % of Assets As of Date         Delta Lloyd Asset Management NV 6,348,680 3.48% -397,000 0.09% 10/31/16   Dimensional Fund Advisors LP 4,748,436 2.60% +758,181 0.00% 04/30/17   Somerset Capital Management LLP 1,757,170 0.96% 0 0.04% 06/30/17   Schroder Investment Management Ltd. 36,000 0.02% 0 0.00% 03/31/17   Mercer Global Investments Europe Ltd. 18,229 0.01% +18,229 0.00% 12/31/16      expand              Overview Profile    Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                 














G-SHANK ENTERPRISE CO., LTD. (886-3-4775141) | Taiwan Business Database










































































Skip to main content









Taiwan Business Database


 




Search form

Search 





 


 
 

You are hereHome » Electronic Products And Components










          G-SHANK ENTERPRISE CO., LTD.        









Company Information









Company Name: G-SHANK ENTERPRISE CO., LTD.Country: TaiwanAddress: No. 56, Shang Ching Pu, Hsin Wu Hsiang, Taoyuan Hsien,International Area Code: 886Phone: 886-3-4775141Fax: 886-3-4778479, 3-4776110Website: www.gs.com.twProduct List: Electronic parts, automatic equipment & system, electronic products and components.Classification: Electronic Products & ComponentsCategory Activities: Electronic Products and ComponentsEmployees: 385Capital: 1090000000Type: ManufacturerYear of Establish: 1975Industry: Electronic Products And Components
Buy Now:

Click Here to Buy Taiwan Full Data

Business Directory Database Supermarket




More Links



GRS C. K. CO., LTD.
GRUNDFOS TAIWAN MANUFACTURING CO., LTD.
GS INTERNATIONAL CO., LTD.
GSD HYDRAULIC ENGR. CO., LTD. 
GSD INDUSTRIAL CO., LTD.
G-SHANK ENTERPRISE CO., LTD.
GSK STEERING WHEEL CO., LTD.
GSK TECHNOLOGIES INC.
GSLIDE CORPORATION
G-SOL TECHNOLOGIES CO.,LTD
G-SONIC ELECTRONICS INCORPORATION

        ‹ previous | next ›





Log in to post comments
 




 



Languages


AfrikaansShqipالعربيةՀայերենazərbaycanБългарскиCatalà简体中文繁體中文HrvatskiČeštinaDanskNederlandsEnglishEsperantoEestiFilipinoSuomiFrançaisGalegoGeorgianDeutschΕλληνικάMagyarÍslenskaGaeilgeItaliano日本語한국어LatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиBahasa MelayuMaltiفارسیPolskiPortuguese, InternationalRomânăРусскийСрпскиSlovenčinaSlovenščinaEspañolKiswahiliSvenskaภาษาไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtCymraeg























































 







 
 

 
 

BizDirLib.com
2011-2017 v5.7 a-j-e-3
Contact UsWEB | AMP⚡










G Shank Enterprise Co Ltd in Riverside, CA
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for G Shank Enterprise Co   Ltd, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



G Shank Enterprise Co   Ltd

G Shank Enterprise Co Ltd exports to Bourns, Inc through the port of Los Angeles, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of G Shank Enterprise Co   Ltd and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 GENERAL MOTORS CANADA LIMITED
 TOSHIBA ELECTROMEX.S.A. DE C.V.    
 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 DISNEY THEME PARK MERCHANDISE (OLD
 FAMILY DOLLAR STORES,INC.
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for G Shank Enterprise Co   Ltd
G Shank Enterprise Co Ltd exports to Bourns, Inc through the port of Los Angeles, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



G SHANK ENTERPRISE CO LTD
NO 56 SHANCHING PU HSINWU TAOYUAN TW


BOURNS INC
1200 COLUMBIA AVENUE RIVERSIDE CA 92507 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



-NOT AVAILABLE
-NOT AVAILABLE



B M X IN DIA U S A C NO
B M X IN DIA U S A C NO





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



EGLV003701859207


HMCU9090659
HMCU9090659


Product Description




BRACKET
BRACKET









Bill of LadingUASI7792806626Arrival Date2017-07-19Weight (LB)328Weight (KG)149Quantity21 CTNContainer Count1Voyage No.0882EPort of LoadingKAOHSIUNGPort of DischargeLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIAVessel NameEVER STEADYCarrier CodeUASICountry Of OriginChina TaiwanPlace Of ReceiptKEELUNG,TW 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for G Shank Enterprise Co   Ltd. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when G Shank Enterprise Co   Ltd has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact G Shank Enterprise Co   Ltd







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








G Shank Enterprise Co   Ltd
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Trapa Gmbh                                



                                    Lagacy Housing Ltd.                                



                                    Mkk Japan                                



                                    Maskcara Beauty                                



                                    Macizoz Gf Llc                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3709
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















