

	Iljin Display Co Ltd - 財經百科 - 財經知識庫 - MoneyDJ理財網









































































首頁◆新聞◆Focus◆台股◆美股◆新VIP◆選股◆基金◆ETF◆iQuote◆討論區◆權證◆知識庫◆港股◆書城◆櫃檯◆XQ◆  更多  金融 理財 多空 人民幣   未上市 報稅             






                                2017/8/4
                            

加入會員|
                                +粉絲團|
                                 













設為首頁|手機版








首頁

新聞

研究報告

討論區

部落格

財經百科

書籤

好文分享





全部
研究報告
新聞
部落格
財經百科
書籤
好文分享







































MoneyDJ理財網財經知識庫財經百科首頁熱門詞條百科內文




收藏 | 
    

主題 | 
    



編輯














Iljin Display Co Ltd



回應(0)
人氣(12998) 
收藏(0)





goodfunny

管理者
    





訊息





名片











Iljin Display(020760.KS)，是一家韓國從事製造晶圓和顯示面板相關產品之供應商，成立於1994年，總部設在平澤州市。
公司主要產品為高低溫多晶矽TFT-LCD面板和觸控面板，用於導航設備、手機和MPS顯示器，另外晶圓部份則是生產藍寶石晶圓，為發光二極體(LED)之生成基板材料。
公司還提供表面聲波濾波器之基板，為過濾微波與特定頻率，用於在移動通信設備、電視和錄像機調諧器，以及供應軟性印刷電路板（FPC）。







































分類主題：
        中小尺吋面板‧LED‧軟板‧化合物晶圓‧Iljin Display




相關百科





















































搜 尋


條目：


    編者：






























 



















MoneyDJ理財網財經知識庫基金頻道iQuoteETF頻道美股頻道報稅頻道資訊新聞台股美股港股基金興櫃報稅金融專題報導　個人理財ETF書城部落格iQuote熱門產業討論區　　多空訊號　學習技術學院經濟學院選股學院會員中心加入會員查詢密碼個人存摺購物理財商品手機版+粉絲團分類研究報告新聞|討論區部落格財經百科書籤好文分享講堂股票市場市場動態個股情報產業分析國家動態熱門產業總體經濟財經基金新聞　研究報告國際金融　交叉匯率　投資聚光燈　資訊國內基金　海外基金　搜尋 國內|海外進階搜尋區域搜尋商品搜尋　排名 公會排名週轉率排名FundDJ排名基金評等基金龍虎榜　四四三三趨勢軌跡工具 投資建議投資藏寶圖基金速配景氣循環圖計算器　走勢分析多空瞭望銀行匯率市場動態基金總覽基金新聞市場觀點討論區ETF介紹ETF發行公司ETF基本資料ETF資金流向ETF投資策略ETF相關分析ETF搜尋區域|類型進階|指數ETF排名漲幅|跌幅規模|成交量點閱人氣排行ETF工具ETF大車拼ETF成本評比ETF主題投資個股資料基本資料行情報價基本分析排行漲幅排行跌幅排行超買排行超賣排行成交量排行點擊排行查詢次數排行工具ADR套利選股工具行事曆各類股績效表現新手上路報稅新訊報稅流程　報稅方式DIY報稅　繳稅、報稅聰明節稅投資報稅基金|不動產外匯|黃金　證所稅海外所得　分離課稅　投資型保單報稅論壇
關於MoneyDJ | 網站地圖 | 刊登廣告 | 新手上路 | 常見問題 | 會員中心 | 聯絡我們 | 徵才 | Back To Top版權所有嘉實資訊股份有限公司，未經合法授權請勿翻載。與本網站有關一切糾紛與法律問題，均依中華民國相關法令解釋及適用之。嘉實資訊客服電話：0800-006-098。 嘉實資訊客服信箱：econsult@moneydj.com 。 最佳瀏覽模式：解析度1024*768以上；瀏覽器建議使用 IE9.0以上。本站內容僅供參考，本公司不負任何法律責任，投資人若依此以為買賣依據，須自負盈虧之責。











 



ILJIN Diamond


















skip to navigation
skip to contents








KOR
ENG
CHN
JPN


SITEMAP
CONTACT US
CYBER AUDIT OFFICE




COMPANY

About Us
CEO Message
Research & Development
Place of Business



PRODUCTS


PCDPCBNDiamond PowderCBN PowderTungsten CarbideDiamond WirePDC



IR

Company Overview
Financial Information



PR

News
Video
Catalog



SERVICE

Contacts Us
Q&A



















Provider for Tomorrow - We are a leading advanced materials company striving to open the door for the future
Technology & Know-how - One of the world's 3 largest industrial diamond manufacturers
Unique technological innovations achieved with differentiation and expertise - R&D using 10% of sales
TOP 3 of the Super abrasive Material Industry - Top 3 global leading company
leading company of Tool Material - Solution provider and quality innovator in the industry














Diamond/CBN Powder - Industrial diamonds are used as a core material of manufacturing in almost all industries.
PCD/PCBN - ILJIN’s systematic operation management encompasses material selection & production, and quality control ensuring a stable supply of quality products.
Tungsten carbide - We are a proven partner and supplier of optimized tungsten carbide rods of indisputable quality for super-hard roll user conditions.
Diamond Wire - Diamond Wire technology drives the future of green energy such as low current LED and solar energy.
PDC - Our products’ superb durability and resistance against wear, impacts, and heat contributes to cost reduction and improves productivity.





PRODUCTS
Diamond/CBN Powder
Distinguished technology enables the manufacturing of high precision particles with uniform size and shape.

· ISD
· IBN
· IPD
   
· IMD
   
· IRD
   
 · IMP

READ MORE


PRODUCTS
PCD/PCBN
Essential materials for various industries, such as automotive, aviation, wood, oil refineries, medicine, among many others

· IPOL
· IBON

READ MORE


PRODUCTS
Tungsten carbide
Applied for various material tooling machines that require tungsten carbide cutting

· TC Rod
· TC Roll

READ MORE


PRODUCTS
Diamond Wire
Processing solar panel and sapphire ingot for LED

· Diamond Wire

READ MORE


PRODUCTS
PDC
Vital material for offshore drilling and resource development

· PDC

READ MORE





Powder(Diamond/cBN)
PCD/PCBN
Tungsten carbide
Diamond Wire
PDC



product 1
product 2
product 3
product 4
product 5


pausepause










Contact Us
Contact information of business managers in respective  business area





Catalogue
Find company information, product catalogues, and other information regarding the company.









Customer Inquiry
Inquiries related to our business, products, investment, technologies etc. will be efficiently and promptly responded.





Company Locations
Introduction of our headquarters in Seoul, factories in Eumseong and Ansan, and our branch offices abroad.


























South Korea products from Manufacturer: Iljin Display Co Ltd





























Login | 

Register  | 
        
Buyer
Supplier


Messages  | 


Get Quotations




Products

Products
Suppliers
News






Popular Product Searches
 power bank 
 bluetooth speaker
 led
 bluetooth headset
 smart watch

































Iljin Display Co Ltd




Submit RFQ and get quotes from verified suppliers

Request For Quotations (RFQ)
Get Quotations





Home

Product List
	
	
Capacitive touch panelsIR touch framesIR touch panelsOpen frame power suppliesResistive touch panelsSAW touch panels


Company Information
   

Contact Us

Home > Product List





Contact Supplier:
Inquire Now



Get e-mail alerts on latest products!




				Enter your e-mail address
				








Verified Suppliers Profile

Noble Crystal Limited
Vast Vision Industry Co. Ltd
Shenzhen Bolinia Technology Co. Ltd
Dongguan M&H Touch Technology Co., Ltd
Shenzhen Guangfasheng Technology Co., Ltd
Suntai International Co Ltd
Victronix Company Limited
Shenzhen DZH Industrial Co. Ltd
Haiwen Membrane Switch Limited
Shenzhen Top Electronic Parts Co., Limited





Product CategoriesCategories below link to similar products from verified suppliers


Electronic Components


Capacitive touch panelsIR touch framesIR touch panelsOpen frame power suppliesResistive touch panelsSAW touch panels




Contact Details






For a quicker and more positive response,
Introduce yourself and your company
Indicate your requirements in detail
State any special requests or customization required
View sample
Enter 20 to 1500 characters


Send your inquiry direct to this supplier
Please type in English.



 
Iljin Display Co Ltd

Address: 
#303 Daeji B/D, 685 Deungchon-dong, Gangseo-gu, Seoul, South Korea
Tel: 
			
 (82 2) 36616786
Fax: 
			
 (82 2) 36616796

			


Iljin Display Co Ltd does not currently advertise comprehensive company & product information with Global Sources. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of company and product information.









	
	  Verified Suppliers of Capacitive touch panel
	
	


Inquire Now

 Add to Basket 
          


Select all
|
Clear all


Please select product(s) below and click "Inquire Now" or "Add to Basket"







Touch panel repl...New







Black Front Touc...New







Touchscreen Glas...New







Touchscreen Repl...New







Replacement Touc...New







Touchscreen Repl...New







Touchscreen Digi...New







OEM Touchscreen ...New







Touchscreen Digi...New







Touchscreen Digi...New







Black Replacemen...New







8-inch PCAP Touc...New







32-inch capaciti...New







21.6-inch capaci...New







12.6-inch Capaci...New







23.8-inch capaci...New







42.5-inch capaci...New







23.7-inch capaci...New



See more recently added Capacitive touch panel suppliers










Popular Searches




Top Products

capacitive touch
lcd touch panels
Medical Kiosk
Glass Windows
Multi Touch Screen
Desktop Touch Display Monitor
HMI Touch Panel
HMI Touch Screen
Industrial LCD Touch Screen
Infrared Overlay



Top China Suppliers

China Glass Windows
China Multi Touch Screen
China Desktop Touch Display Monitor
China HMI Touch Panel
China HMI Touch Screen
China Industrial LCD Touch Screen
China Infrared Touch
China Infrared Touch Frame
China Infrared Touch Panel
China Interactive Panel



Top Wholesale Products

Wholesale Medical Kiosk
Wholesale Glass Windows
Wholesale Financial Products
Wholesale Digitizer Htc Desire S
Wholesale Digitizer Pannel Screen
Wholesale Digitizer Screen
Wholesale Digitizer Touch Panel Assembly
Wholesale Hmi Touch Panel
Wholesale Hmi Touch Screen
Wholesale Infrared Touch Panel



Factories

capacitive touch Factories
lcd touch panels Factories
Medical Kiosk Factories
Glass Windows Factories
Multi Touch Screen Factories
Desktop Touch Display Monitor Factories
HMI Touch Panel Factories
HMI Touch Screen Factories
Industrial LCD Touch Screen Factories
Infrared Overlay Factories



Product catalog

touch
blu smartphone
touch panel
touch screen phones
nyx lipgloss
capacitive touch
touch screen mobiles
lg lifeband touch
capacitive touch sensor
raspberry pi 3 touch screen





Products Page 1
Products Page 2











      Share:
	  Facebook
Twitter
Google +
LinkedIn


	Follow us:  E-mail
 Bookmark



Find More Products:
Browse Product Categories
|
New Products
|
Top China Suppliers
|
Top Products


Copyright © 2017 Media Data Systems Pte Ltd (Singapore Co. Reg. No. 199001601W). All rights reserved.
 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Security Measures IP Policy
About The Translation
hkweb27.globalsources.com






Request for quotations


Fast and easy to use
Receive tailored offers
Compare quotations
Learn more






Close

Please select your preferred language:

If you wish to change the language or use the original language later, please refer to the header or footer for more language options.























AC





Inquire Now


 Add to Basket





Min. Order:



FOB Price:



Certs:
 More...


Video:Low|High












  Verified Manufacturer
  

    The business scope of this supplier's independently verified Business Registration, as licensed by relevant government agencies, allows it to manufacture goods.
    View BR Profile






 Supplier Capability Assessment
  

    This supplier has a supplier audit from an independent 3rd party of TÜV SÜD, Bureau Veritas or Easecredit.
    View details






 Private Sourcing Event
  

    This supplier was selected by a volume buyer to attend a Private Sourcing Event. 
    Learn more







 Magazine
  
Learn more by viewing this supplier's Magazine ad.



Download:Full-size ad  | e-Magazine | iPad app





 Major Customer
  

    This supplier has worked with the following Major Customers: 
	

View all






 Trade Show
  

Come and meet us at the Fair! Register




This supplier has exhibited at one or more of our specialized sourcing Trade Shows.



Click here to view  the online booth


View all





 Online Store
  

    This supplier has one or more e-commerce storefronts accessible here:   
	

Click here to learn more about this supplier








    This supplier is a participant in the Hinrich Foundation`s Export Assistance Program, which supports verified export manufacturers in developing countries across Asia.  
	
Learn more







Is the product image unclear or different from the product description? Is the product description or specifications incorrect or confusing?
Yes | No


Thank you!
Your submission has been received and will be reviewed.
Close










Request For Quotations (RFQ)
Fast-track your sourcing process in 3 easy steps

Submit request
Compare quotations
Contact suppliers

Get Quotations
Learn more









Contact Supplier:


Inquire Now




Product Alert
Get e-mail alerts on latest products!





				Enter your e-mail address
				







Back to Top












ILJIN Display




이 페이지를 보려면, 프레임을 볼 수 있는 브라우저가 필요합니다.







Research - 2012年Iljin Display將躍居南韓觸控面板龍頭地位　營收不及TPK然營益率相對穩定









































































    


									■
									中文简体版
				 
				■ English		
				 	
			星期五 
			,8月 4日, 2017 (台北)
									
			

■ 登入 ■ 申請試用 ■ MY DIGITIMES





 










  科技網   Research   中小尺寸FPD    





2012年Iljin Display將躍居南韓觸控面板龍頭地位　營收不及TPK然營益率相對穩定2012/12/26-中小尺寸FPD-20121226-716-杜振宇本文限「Research 中小尺寸FPD」會員閱讀，請登入會員，或洽詢會員服務！觀察南韓觸控面板龍頭廠變動情形，2009~2011年依序分別由Melfas、ELK(Electro Luminescence Korea)、SMAC(Smart Mobile Application Company)居營收龍頭地位，因2012年前3季Iljin Display以累計營收4,154億韓元(約3.9億美元)明顯領先其他韓廠，2012全年Iljin Display可望躍居南韓觸控面板廠龍頭地位。相較於南韓觸控面板龍頭廠商連年變動，台灣觸控面板產業現由宸鴻(TPK)穩居龍頭地位，比較2012年前3季宸鴻與Iljin Display觸控面板累計營收，分別為38.7億美元與3.9億美元，規模落差甚大。毛利率方面，2011年第1季至2012年第3季宸鴻與Iljin Display雖互有起伏，然均介於12.3~19.1%水準。營益率方面，2011年第1季至2012年第3季間，宸鴻曾於2011年第4季與2012年第1季營益率分別下滑至8.4%與8.9%，其他各季介於10.5~14.5%，相較之下，此期間Iljin Display營益率均維持在10.2%以上，表現相對穩定。Iljin Display現以三星電子(Samsung Electronics)為主要供應對象，其已訂立2013年倍增觸控面板產能目標，由於三星於智慧型手機、平板電腦等行動裝置影響力上揚，將有利於Iljin Display營收持續成長。Iljin Display觸控面板生產據點及2009~2013年資本支出變化資料來源：Iljin Display，DIGITIMES整理，2011/12
內文目錄南韓觸控面板龍頭廠連年異動　營收規模不及台灣龍頭廠3Q’12宸鴻營收領先Iljin Display縮小至8.2倍　然4Q’12將再擴大1Q’11以來Iljin Display營益率表現相對宸鴻穩定2012年宸鴻投資以產品多元化為重點　Iljin Display持續擴產2012年宸鴻營收將為Iljin Display的11.2倍　營益率不相上下結語圖表目錄2009~2011年南韓主要觸控面板廠商營收變化2012年前3季南韓主要觸控面板廠商累計營收2009年至2012年前3季台灣與南韓觸控面板龍頭廠營收比較1Q’11~4Q’12宸鴻營收變化及預測1Q’11~3Q’12 Iljin Display觸控面板營收變化1Q’11~3Q’12宸鴻與Iljin Display毛利率變化 共 13 個圖表相關報告2011年南韓觸控面板廠營收排名將變動劇烈　ELK與Melfas恐讓出前2大地位2011年SMAC躍居南韓觸控面板龍頭廠　Synopex、Iljin Display成長顯著蘋果iPhone 5採用In-Cell觸控面板　其他業者短期內難以跟進2013年台廠手機用觸控面板產業地位將衰退　但平板及Windows 8商機可望彌補其他「重要業者」相關報告關鍵字　宸鴻(TPK)日進顯示器(Iljin Display)觸控面板單片玻璃觸控(OGS)　加入已選取到「關鍵字追蹤」　什麼是「關鍵字追蹤」




會員登入
 若您已是DIGITIMES Research的正式會員，請由此下方登入。



帳號：
　　　【範例：user@company.com】

密碼： 忘記密碼
　　　 連續一個月系統自動記住帳號密碼


★ 若您是第一次使用會員資料庫，請點選

重寄啟用信  |  常見問題  
			






服務加入辦法
若想立刻加入付費會員，請洽詢客服專線：+886-2-87125398。(週一至週五工作日9:00~18:00)
服務信箱：member@digitimes.com(一個工作日內將回覆您的來信)。

 申請加入會員
 Research會員服務說明
 DIGITIMES Research介紹
















熱門報告 - 平面顯示器



大尺寸 FPD中小尺寸 FPD






































 








	Slide Show─
為投影片搭配仔細解說的服務模式，提供具時效性的ICT產品產銷、展場觀察等研究成果，同時可直接作為會員簡報材料。


	Insight─ 
為深入研究觀點與發現的即時服務，內容包括重要事件評論、重要產業資訊的揭露等。


	Data Point─
以1個圖表搭配簡潔文字說明，提供圖文並茂的資料庫服務。


	Spec & Price─
解析全球主要市場終端產品零售均價與規格，並提供客制化查詢數據庫。


	Spot Price─
提供每週太陽光電產業鏈上下游現貨報價資訊，藉此反應市場供需波動變化，並解析市場最新脈動。


	Industry Review─
定期檢視產業核心構面的重要事件與發展，以利掌握產業關鍵動態、議題實質內涵與加值觀點。
















關於我們
							·
							著作權
							·
							隱私權
							·
							常見問題
							·
							發布新聞稿( 中文 、 English )							
							·
							人才招募


							■
							中文简体版
							 
							■ English   
						


							下載新聞App



							下載活動+App

本網站內之全部圖文，係屬於大椽股份有限公司所有，非經本公司同意不得將全部或部分內容轉載於任何形式之媒體 © DIGITIMES Inc. 版權所有






 
關於我們  | 
										服務說明  | 
										著作權  | 
										隱私權  | 
										常見問題  | 
										發布新聞稿( 中文 、 English )  | 
										



建議使用Chrome、Firefox、或IE 9.0以上版本


									■
									中文简体版
									 
									■ English        
								





科技網
物聯網
椽經閣
活動＋
DIGITIMES






產業





● 半導體/零組件


● 光電/顯示


● 物聯科技/智慧製造


● CarTech/綠能


● 行動/通訊


● 網路/電商


● IT/醫電


● 數位家庭/VR


● 圖表






區域





● 東南亞/紐澳


● 南亞


● 東亞


● 國際


● 宏觀/商業


● 圖表






Research





● 電腦運算


● 數位家庭


● 可攜式CE


● 行動通訊


● 寬頻與無線


● 大尺寸FPD


● 中小尺寸FPD


● IC設計


● IC製造


● LED/節能


● 物聯網


● CarTech






議題




觀點




電子時報




報導總覽




科技商情




企業IT




雲端




工控自動




展會專區







工業4.0


車聯網


智慧醫療


智慧城市


系統開發設計


產品應用服務







同窗、同學


 椽家之言



科技行腳


 作者群


 關於專欄








所有活動


D Forum


研討會

 
												 


												下載活動+App









關於我們


會員服務


商情電子報訂閱


訂閱電子時報


整合行銷服務


人才招募


聯絡我們 



												 


												下載新聞App










本網站內之全部圖文，係屬於大椽股份有限公司所有，非經本公司同意不得將全部或部分內容轉載於任何形式之媒體 © DIGITIMES Inc. 版權所有 


















 








Iljin Display Co.,Ltd. Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  Iljin Display Co.,Ltd.     







 


 South Korea                
Iljin Display Co.,Ltd.
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing 
Available in: English
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Headquarters
                                157, Daegeum-ro Daeso-myeon Eumseong-gun Chungbuk                                
                                Eumseong County;                                Chungcheongbuk;                                Map 
                                                                    Postal Code: 369824                                                            

Tel: 043-879-
Fax: 043-879-




Website:
http://www.iljindisplay.co.kr 



 

Company Description                    




                        Iljin Display Co.,Ltd. is engaged in manufacturing and distribution of touch screen panels and sapphire wafers. The company's headquarters is located in Eumseong County, Chungcheongbuk-do Province, South Korea. Iljin Display Co.,Ltd. was incorporated in 1994.                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 





Iljin Display Co., Ltd. - Iljin Display Co.,  Ltd.,  Micro Display,  polysilicon TFT-LCD Panel,  Display Division







































































 Iljin Display Co., Ltd.








Company Introduction





Company Name
Iljin Display Co., Ltd.


Location
1032, Yulbuk-ri, Cheongbuk-myeon Pyeongtaek-si, Gyeonggi-do


Country/Region
Korea 


Year Established
1994


Employees Total
11 - 50


Annual Revenue
USD 5,000,001 - 10,000,000


Main Products
Iljin Display Co., Ltd., Micro Display, polysilicon TFT-LCD Panel, Display Division, Crystal Growth


Last Login Date
Apr 24. 2007



Contact Now













Main Products







Crystal Growth Division















Display Division






















Send an Inquiry to this supplier



Send an Inquiry to this supplier



* From (E-mail)



  To
Chae-young, Lee
Iljin Display Co., Ltd.


* Subject




* Message



Use English only Max. 2000 characters. (Min. 20)
Send















Categories
Product List







About
Contact
Storefront Sitemap













Share :
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Delicious
My EC21
Email this page




				Browse:
				Manufacturer Directory
Countries
China
India
Korea
Premium Suppliers
Community
Site Map


About EC21
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Report Item
Online Trading Risks
Product Listing Policy


中文
繁體
한국어
日本語
Español
Русский
Français
Deutsch

Copyright (c)1997-2017 EC21 Inc. All Rights Reserved.  EC21 in KoreanChinese
Business Registry Number: 120-86-03931


Inquiry Basket








Iljin Display Co., Ltd - Buyer | Russia | Import Genius


































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French










			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 





Iljin Display Co., Ltd

Iljin Display Co., Ltd is a buyer that buys products from Ооо  Монокристалл 





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Iljin Display Co., Ltd and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database


 ""INTERPUMP GROUP"" ЧЕРЕЗ SIA MONEX AN, GANIBU DANBIS 24D, RIGA, LATVIJA                            

 МАНГАСАРЯН АЛЬБЕРТ СЕРОБОВИЧ                            

 JIANGSU SEL BIOCHEM CO. LTD                            

 DATARAM CORP.                            

 FJ GLOBAL AEROPARTS (M) SDN BHD                            
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Iljin Display Co., Ltd
Iljin Display Co., Ltd is a buyer that buys products from Ооо  Монокристалл


            Bill of Lading        





Overseas Consignee Name
Russian Shipper Name



Iljin Display Co., Ltd


Ооо  Монокристалл



Producer Name
Russian Payee Name










Detailed Cargo Description





                                        ЗАГOТOВКИ ИЗ МOНOКРИСТАЛЛИЧЕСКOГO СИНТЕТИЧЕСКOГO КOРУНДА (С ДЕФЕКТНЫМИ ЗOНАМИ) OБРАБOТКА ПOВЕРХНOСТИ-ШЛИФOВКА ПРЕДНАЗНАЧЕНЫ ДЛЯ ИЗГOТOВЛЕНИЯ OПТИЧЕСКИХ ДЕТАЛЕЙ И ДРУГOГO ПРИМЕНЕНИЯ                                    

                                        ЗАГOТOВКИ ИЗ МOНOКРИСТАЛЛИЧЕСКOГO СИНТЕТИЧЕСКOГO КOРУНДА (С ДЕФЕКТНЫМИ ЗOНАМИ) OБРАБOТКА ПOВЕРХНOСТИ-ШЛИФOВКА ПРЕДНАЗНАЧЕНЫ ДЛЯ ИЗГOТOВЛЕНИЯ OПТИЧЕСКИХ ДЕТАЛЕЙ И ДРУГOГO ПРИМЕНЕНИЯ                                    









Cargo Delivery PointДАЕСО-МЬЮНCargo Release Date2017-04-28Gross Weight Kilos1023.19IncotermsCPTNet Weight Kilos868.76Price of Cargo102776.01Trading Country CodeKorea, Rep. 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Iljin Display Co., Ltd Join Now








How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Receive free shipment alerts by email whenever Iljin Display Co., Ltd clears a shipment through customs.                        

Processing, please wait ...







Submit












Contact Iljin Display Co., Ltd










 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 




Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.









Iljin Display Co., Ltd
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 10,352,310 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In






















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields





Schedule Live Demo







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 






Ready for a live demo?
Fill out this form and we'll contact you right away to set up a live demo of Import Genius.


Schedule Live Demo



Processing, please wait ...





Name

Tell us your Full Name


Email

Enter a valid email address


Phone

Enter valid phone number


Preferred Date

Let us know your preferred date


Preferred Time (In Your Country)

01:00 am
01:30 am
02:00 am
02:30 am
03:00 am
03:30 am
04:00 am
04:30 am
05:00 am
05:30 am
06:00 am
06:30 am
07:00 am
07:30 am
08:00 am
08:30 am
09:00 am
09:30 am
10:00 am
10:30 am
11:00 am
11:30 am
12:00 am
12:30 am
01:00 pm
01:30 pm
02:00 pm
02:30 pm
03:00 pm
03:30 pm
04:00 pm
04:30 pm
05:00 pm
05:30 pm
06:00 pm
06:30 pm
07:00 pm
07:30 pm
08:00 pm
08:30 pm
09:00 pm
09:30 pm
10:00 pm
10:30 pm
11:00 pm
11:30 pm
12:00 pm

Let us know your preferred time


Country

Required


Timezone

Required


What data are you interested in?

Let us know what you are most interested to learn



Submit



 















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    ""distilleries De Matha S.a.s."" (from Uab ""terminal Lt"", Kuprioniskiu Km., Nemezio Sen., Vilniaus Raj., Lietuva)                                



                                    Nanjing Fuweili Trading Co., Ltd.                                



                                    ООО ""ПАРТСИМПОРТ""                                



                                    Changsha High Fame Fireworks Co., Ltd                                



                                    Mazzoni S.p.a. From Lithuania, Port Of Klaipeda Uab ""ardarikas""                                











                     
                                            10,352,310  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3349
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















