


























Microtips







 
 
 











Microtips USA


LANGUAGE

繁體中文
ENGLISH










About Us



Company Profile
Management philosophy
Employee welfare



Products



Overview
LCD Module
Finger Printer Module


Wireless Charger
Audio & Video 
EMS



News
Contact Us
Microtips USA
繁體中文
ENGLISH













 


EMS

Home
Products




Capabilities

Microtips Technology is a leading technical manufacturers offering display modules, board assembly, audio equipments… serving global suppliers of Human-Machine-Interface technology. By combining design and engineering solutions with core electronics manufacturing and logistics services, vertically integrated with components technologies, we optimize our customers’ operations, lower their costs and reduce time to market 




Skills



LEARN MORE 









Engineering Services 

Microtips provides an extensive range of valued-added design and engineering services that complement our complete end-to-end manufacturing strategy. 




Engineering



LEARN MORE 









Products




Examples



LEARN MORE 









 



About Us
Products
News
Contact Us




+886-2-2692-3889
+886-2-2695-8625
Intranet




 
 
 


© 2016 Microtips Technology Inc. All rights reserved.

 


Microtips (Dongguan) Technology Inc. - China Manufacturer | HKTDC



















































 


Admin Page |

About HKTDC
 |
Media Room
 |

Register Now
|


					Wish List
				 (0)
|
My HKTDC
|

Login


Logout










Select Your Language









Google Real-Time Translation 








Cancel

This service is provided by Google Inc. If any part of the translated version is unclear, reference should be made to the English version.




























All

|

Products/Services

|

Company Name

|

Research

|

Events

|

News

|

Multimedia







 

All Categories
Auto Parts & Accessories
Baby Products
Building Materials & Hardware
Computer & Peripherals
Consumer Electronics & Electrical Appliances
Electrical Equipment & Electronic Components
Environmental Protection Equipment & Products
Eyewear & Accessories
Food & Beverage
Footwear
Furniture & Furnishing
Garments & Clothing Accessories
Gift & Premiums
Handbags & Travel Goods
Health & Beauty
Household Products
Jewellery
Lighting Products
Machinery, Raw Materials & Scientific Equipment
Medical Supplies and Medicine
Packaging Products & Material
Pet & Pet Supplies
Photographic & Optical Equipment
Service
Sports Goods
Stationery & Office Equipment
Telecom Products
Textiles, Fabrics & Yarns
Toys & Games
Watch & Clock























			Top Search: 
		



 







 
















Quality Suppliers by Industry




 Product Suppliers

Auto Parts & Accessories
Building Materials & Hardware
Consumer Electronics & Electrical Appliances
Environmental Protection Equipment & Products
Food & Beverage
Furniture & Furnishing
Gift & Premiums
Health & Beauty
Jewellery
Machinery, Raw Materials & Scientific Equipment
Packaging Products & Material
Photographic & Optical Equipment
Stationery & Office Equipment
Textiles, Fabrics & Yarns
Watch & Clock
Small-Order Zone



 

Baby Products
Computer & Peripherals
Electrical Equipment & Electronic Components
Eyewear & Accessories
Footwear
Garments & Clothing Accessories
Handbags & Travel Goods
Household Products
Lighting Products
Medical Supplies and Medicine
Pet & Pet Supplies
Sports Goods
Telecom Products
Toys & Games
More...



Service Suppliers

Accounting Service
Advertising, Marketing & Public Relations Service
Business Management & Consultancy Service
Design Services & Brand Strategy
Education & Training
Entertainment
Environmental Protection Solution & Service
Event Organisation
Finance Service
Franchising & Licensing
Information Technology
Infrastructure & Real Estate
Legal Service
Logistics & Transport



 

Medical & Healthcare
Packaging
Printing
Publishing
Quality Inspection & Testing
Storage Service
Technology
Telecommunication
Tourism
More...








							HKTDC Events





Asian Financial Forum
Book Fair
Business of IP Asia Forum
Diamond, Gem & Pearl Show
Education & Careers Expo
Electronics Fair (Autumn Edition)
Entrepreneur Day
Fashion Week (Fall/Winter)
Film & TV Market (FILMART)
Gifts & Premium Fair
Home Textiles & Furnishings Fair
ICT Expo
Jewellery Show
Lighting Fair (Autumn Edition)
Medical Devices & Supplies Fair
Printing & Packaging Fair
SmartBiz Expo
Tea Fair 
Watch & Clock Fair




Baby Products Fair
Building and Decoration Materials & Hardware Fair
Chinese Medicine & Health Products Exhibition
Eco Expo Asia
ElectronicAsia
Electronics Fair (Spring Edition)
Fashion Week (Spring/Summer)
Food Expo
Franchising Show
Home Delights Expo
Houseware Fair
Inno Design Tech Expo
Licensing Show
Lighting Fair (Spring Edition)
Optical Fair
Stationery Fair
Toys & Games Fair
World Boutique
Wine & Spirits Fair








						HKTDC Research





							Service Highlight





About HKTDC
Product Magazines
SME Startup Program
Buyer Meetings
Customized Business Matching
Mobile Applications
Design Gallery
Supplier Services
Buyer Services
SME Centre























































































																		 Company Home







																	 Company Profile











																	 Products / Services






·

All (3)












































Company Information








														Office Address:
													


 
														
														
																Near to Si-Ma Gas Station, Dong-Shen Rd, Si-Ma Village, Chang-Ping Town, Dongguan, Guangdong, China
															




 

														Contact Person:
													

 
													
														Ms. Maggie Gong 
														
															

 

														Position:
													

														Secretary
													
 







 
														
														
														Contact Supplier



































			Microtips (Dongguan) Technology Inc.
		

			Office Address: Near to Si-Ma Gas Station, Dong-Shen Rd, Si-Ma Village, Chang-Ping Town, Dongguan, Guangdong, China
		


			Contact Person: Ms. Maggie Gong 
		

			Position: Secretary
		

			Telephone:
			


			Fax:
			























Microtips (Dongguan) Technology Inc.

- China
					
					(Guangdong)
				
				


















































Microtips (Dongguan) Technology Inc. is a manufacturer and supplier of LCD modules and OEM productions. It produces a full range of color and monochrome character, graphic, and custom-made LCD modules. It also produces color STV, FSTN, COG, COB, TAB and integrated touch panels while OEM design and manufacturing are available on request.
Microtips (Dongguan) Technology Inc. is a manufacturer and supplier of LCD modules and OEM productions. It produces a full range of color and monochrome character, graphic, and custom-made LCD modules. It also produces color STV, FSTN, COG, COB, TAB and integrated touch panels while OEM design and manufacturing are available on request.Less





















Product/Service Highlights














 














 



  TFT LCD
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  5.7" LCD screen
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  TFT Digital Photo Frame
															 





Contact Supplier

































 








All Products/Services






Company Profile
















Year of Establishment:



1995.7








Number of Staff:



201-500








Nature of Business:


Manufacturer
											
										








Industry:



Electronics & Electrical Appliances









Product/Service Range:




											
										
											TV STN, color STN, TFT display modules
											
										









Annual Turnover:




US$ 100,000,000 - 249,999,999










Major Market(s):




• Central & South America

• China

• Japan

• Korea

• Taiwan












OEM Capability:




											
											    Yes
											    
											
										

























Company Location




















Contact Information







Company:


 
								
		                  			Microtips (Dongguan) Technology Inc.
		                  		
									




Contact Person:


 
								
		                			Ms. Maggie Gong 
		                		
									



Position:
Secretary


Office Address:

						
						
		                	Near to Si-Ma Gas Station, Dong-Shen Rd, Si-Ma Village, Chang-Ping Town, Dongguan, Guangdong, China
		                
		                	
			                	




Country/Region:

Dongguan, Guangdong, China







Telephone:



Fax:



Website:


								www.hktdc.com/em/microtipsdongguante															 				
								     
							
					
							
								
									
									
										www.microtips.com.tw
									
								
							

							






    					    More














Contact Supplier
































Contact this Supplier













Contact this Supplier









Email your message



Please enter your message














Contact this Supplier









Email your message

Add More Details






I would like to know more about your company and your products.
I would like to know more about your company and your products.










Submit





























































 






         Font


Print this page



Email this page




﻿ Newsletter



﻿ RSS Feeds
												



Mobile Device






														﻿ Manage your HKTDC e-subscription
												





﻿ Suppliers
											














 Regional Websites:


































 






hktdc.com Home | About HKTDC
 | Contact HKTDC
 | 
										
									Advertise with HKTDC | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Privacy Statement
 | 
Hyperlink Policy
 | 
Site Map
 | 
京ICP备09059244号





Browse by:  
		China Suppliers |  
		Hong Kong Suppliers |
		Asian Suppliers |
		Products








 


Copyright © 2000-2017
									  Hong Kong Trade Development Council. All rights reserved.


 



 






















































www.hktdc.com


Copyright © 2000-
2017
Hong Kong Trade Development Council. All rights reserved.


Reproduction in whole or in part without HKTDC's permission is prohibited. 























MICROTIPS TECHNOLOGY INC.

























Home
Service
Service Overview
Customized Sourcing


台灣經貿網
English
正體中文
日本語
简体中文
Русский
Español
Português
العربية
Indonesia
Tiếng Việt Nam
ภาษาไทย


Favorites(0)
Sign In
Register
guest no cache from cms-cm:172.17.0.8








Product
Product
Supplier
Sample




Advanced





Home

Company

MICROTIPS TECHNOLOGY INC.










MICROTIPS TECHNOLOGY INC.
                                 Add to favorites






Company Name:MICROTIPS TECHNOLOGY INC.
Business Type:Manufacturer
																			,
																		OEM
																			,
																		ODM
Year Established:1995
Capital:TWD  100,000,001 -   500,000,000
Tel (1):+886-2-26923889
Zip Code:新北市
Address:12F., No.31, Ln. 169, Kangning St., Xizhi Dist., New Taipei City 221, Taiwan
No. of Employee: 51 -  100
Brand:Sergio
Main Product:Audio System,LCD module,sound processor IC,consumer electronic
Main Export Market:Europe
																			,
																		North America
																			,
																		Mainland China



Products





Beat Box Speed-Shi..





iSpin iPod docking..





iScratch iPod dock..





iSpin Mini iPod do..





AirPop-wifi Digita..




Contact Information

Owner:Mr.James Wu
Contact Person:Mr.Justin Cheng
																		(
																		PM
																		)
																	
Contact Supplier
Skype ID:
Office Address:221 12F., No.31, Ln. 169, Kangning St., Xizhi Dist., New Taipei City 221, Taiwan
Office Hours:Monday-Friday ： 9:00-18:00
Company Site:http://www.microtips.com.tw

Last Update:
													2015-06-26
N/A
N/A
N/A

Contact Supplier



To:

Mr.Justin Cheng
																	,
																	MICROTIPS TECHNOLOGY INC.




CC:
Use ; or , to separate multiple recipients








From:


Sign in to have your contact details filled in for youSign In



 

*Email
Send a Copy to Myself



 

*Re-enter Email
Verified



 

*Subject




 

*Message




 


Upload file formats
																		:
																		htm、html、doc、docx、pdf、txt、jpg、gif、png



 

Estimated Purchase Amount USD




 


Continue







Contact Supplier



 


																		<
																		Back to previous step



 

*Full Name


Mrs.
Ms.
Mr.



 

*Company Name




 

*Location

Please Select a Country
Czech Republic
Finland
Gibraltar
Other
Montenegro
Serbia
Niue
Equatorial Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Kenya
Federal Islamic Republic of the Comoros
Liberia
Lesotho
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Monaco
Madagascar
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Malawi
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Reunion
Rwanda
Seychelles
Sudan
Sierra Leone
Senegal
Somalia
Swaziland
Chad
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Greenland
Guadeloupe
St. Pierre and Miquelon
St. Helena
United States of America
Anguilla
Netherlands Antilles
Barbados
Bermuda
Belize
Costa Rica
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Guatemala
Honduras
Haiti
Jamaica
Saint Christopher (St. Kitts) and Nevis
Cayman Islands
Saint Lucia
Montserrat
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
El Salvador
Trinidad And Tobago
St Vincent
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Nevis
F T/C C A
BR T/C C A
Argentina
Aruba
Bolivia
Chile
Colombia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
French Guiana
S. Georgia And The S. Sandwich Islands
Guyana
Peru
Paraguay
Uruguay
Venezuela
American Samoa
Australia
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Christmas Island
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Northern Mariana Islands
Maldives
New Caledonia
Norfolk Island
Nauru
New Zealand
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Palau
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
East Timor
Tuvalu
Vanuatu
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Samoa
Tahiti
Other Oceania
US T/P P A
Antarctica
Bougainville Island
British Indian Ocean Territory
Neutral Zone
Pitcairn
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
French Southern Territories
Mayotte
Gambia
Guinea
Bangladesh
Brunei Darussalam
Mainland China
Hong Kong
Indonesia
India
Japan
Cambodia
Korea, North Korea
Korea, South Korea
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Myanmar
Mongolia
Macau
Malaysia
Nepal
Pakistan
Singapore
Thailand
Taiwan, ROC
Viet Nam
Ryukyu
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Bahrain
Israel
Iraq
Iran
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Syrian Arab Republic
Turkey
Yemen
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Belgium
Bulgaria
Belarus
Switzerland
Germany
Denmark
Estonia
Spain
Faroe Islands
France
France, Metropolitan
United Kingdom
Georgia
Greece
Croatia
Hungary
Ireland
Iceland
Kyrgyzstan
Kazakhstan
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Latvia
Morocco
Republic of Moldova
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russian Federation
Sweden
Slovenia
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
San Marino
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Ukraine
Uzbekistan
Vatican City
Angola
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Benin
Botswana
Central African Republic
Congo
Cote D'Ivoire
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Djibouti
Algeria
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Ghana
Sao Tome and Principe
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Canada
Heard and Mc Donald Island
Antigua And Barbuda
Bahamas
Cuba
Grenada
Martinique
Puerto Rico
Turks And Caicos Islands
Brazil
Ecuador
Suriname
Cook Islands
Micronesia, Federated States Of
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Bhutan
Sri Lanka
Philippines
Cyprus
Saudi Arabia
Albania
Azerbaijan
Italy
Lithuania
Macedonia
Democratic Republic of Congo
Republic of Somaliland
Republic of South Sudan
State of Palestine



 

*Company Site
Not Available



 

Business PhoneExt.
+#



 


Submit












Loading ...
                  















Submit












COMPUTEX TAIPEI -Products-無線充電器-MICROTIPS TECHNOLOGY INC.
































































Exhibitor
Media
Visitor



About COMPUTEX
	      




 About COMPUTEX

 Show Profile

 Exhibition Areas

 Floor Plan

 Exhibitor List

 Product List

 2017 Post Show Report

 InnoVEX Post Show Report

 Contact us




News
	      




 Press Releases

 eDM

 Show Publications

 Business Wire

 Photo Gallery

 Video

 Exhibitor's News




Forums
	      




 Schedule of Events

 CPX Conference

 e21FORUM

 NVIDIA AI Forum




Events
	      




 ZOTAC CUP MASTERS

 COMPUTEX Modding Challenge - CyberMods

 HWBOT World Tour 

 G.SKILL LN2 Extreme Overclocking Events




InnoVEX
	      




 About InnoVEX

 Register




Global Highlights
	      




 Japanese Microsite

 Korean Microsite

 2016 Media Coverage




d&i awards
	      




 d&i awards

 Registration information

 Award Winning Products




Partners
	      




 Partners




Language




正體中文









CONNECT WITH US

 

 

 

 

 


                                Language 


正體中文






















Exhibitor
Media
Visitor








About COMPUTEX
	     
    

 About COMPUTEX

 Show Profile

 Exhibition Areas

 Floor Plan

 Exhibitor List

 Product List

 2017 Post Show Report

 InnoVEX Post Show Report

 Contact us




News
	     
    

 Press Releases

 eDM

 Show Publications

 Business Wire

 Photo Gallery

 Video

 Exhibitor's News




Forums
	     
    

 Schedule of Events

 CPX Conference

 e21FORUM

 NVIDIA AI Forum




Events
	     
    

 ZOTAC CUP MASTERS

 COMPUTEX Modding Challenge - CyberMods

 HWBOT World Tour 

 G.SKILL LN2 Extreme Overclocking Events




InnoVEX
	     
    

 About InnoVEX

 Register




Global Highlights
	     
    

 Japanese Microsite

 Korean Microsite

 2016 Media Coverage




d&i awards
	     
    

 d&i awards

 Registration information

 Award Winning Products




Partners
	     
    

 Partners


















Home






Sales Contact


Website








                        	Booth No.　
                        						                					                Nangang Exhibition Hall 1  
					                	
					                					                  J1203

J1203


Name
無線充電器
Description
..











Product Catalogue









MICROTIPS TECHNOLOGY INC.


                         	Booth No. 
                         						                 					                 Nangang Exhibition Hall 1  
					                 	
					                 					                 J1203
J1203



Main Product


						                   						                   						                     Other Computer Components & PartsWireless ChargerWireless Audio/HDMI/Receiver/Adapter/Transmitter
						                   						                



Exhibitor Information















Top LCD Module Manufacturers Innovate Business Presentation Methods











































 

(888)-499-8477mtusainfo@microtipsusa.com 








 

 




5.49" AMOLED Display Module
Microtips MTD0550AZOM-T is a 5.49 inch display module with a resolution of 1080(RGB) x 1920. This display is composed of an AMOLED panel, driver ICs, On-cell Touch Panel and FPC. This display can be used for digital equipments which need display, mobile phone, remote control, electronic product...
 



Specialty Treatments for Cover Glass
Touch Panels are now commonly used in all kinds of applications, and a variety of cover lenses have also been developed for its practicability. Following are two special cover lenses we've recently developed...
 



Microtips OEM Services
Do you have a product idea but have trouble sparing the resources for production, assembly, and quality control? Perhaps you’ve completed all the engineering design and are evaluating the best manufacturing partner to handle the production, saving you the time and overhead?...
 



Value Added Services
Did you know that you can save cost and simplify the manufacturing processes for your next product build, by simply bundling together a few complementary components? This is where Microtips value added services and component integration really shines! Our value added services are...
 



2016 Ultra Low Cost 4.3" TFT
Microtips is pleased to announce our new lowest cost 4.3" TFT module. This LCD display is available as a standard model with a 480x272px resolution (square pixels), 350nit (cd/m2) brightness, 500:1 contrast ratio, wide 140° viewing angle, standard -30 ~ 80°C temperature range, onboard...
 



Sunlight Readable Technology
Display for outdoor use is often difficult to read under strong sunlight. Products with Touch Panel will encounter this issue more severely. To enhance readability of display image under the sun, URT has developed Sunlight Readable Technology and the characteristic is described...
 



2016 Low Cost LCD Modules
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our 2016 low cost series of 4.3" and 7.0" TFT LCD modules. We’ve been able to cut costs by using the same primary components across these two series of LCD modules. We’ve introduced different models in each series as standard products, to give...
 



 PCAP 4.3” TFT LCD Module 
Liquid crystal display (LCD) modules are commonly used in a variety of applications that are a part of our everyday lives. Full color TFT LCD modules are being used in a range of products, and have been implemented in everything from small handheld devices to large scale monitoring systems......
 



Fingerprint Scanner
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new product line, finger print. Humans fingerprints are detailed, unique and very difficult to alter, even though a Identical twins has the same feature, they have experience different things and stress level may have been different which leads to the alteration of their identity, reason why Identical twins does not have the same finger print.....
   



 7.0” Drone TFT Transmissive Display 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our 7.0 inch transmissive type, active matrix TFT display. Our product uses amorphous silicon TFT, as switching devices............
   



 128x64 White Passive OLED Matrix: 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our 128x64 white passive matrix OLED, with polarizer display. We are also excited to be in partnership with Raystar Optronics, Inc...........
   



 7.0 inch LVDS Touch Panel: 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our 7.0 inch LVDS Touch Panel, transmissive Normal White with a operating temperature of -20 ~ 70 degrees Celsius and a storage temperature of -30 ~ 80 degrees Celsius..........
   



 As Future Technologies Advances: So Does PMOLED 
What is an OLED display? This is nothing else, but organic light emitted diodes, lets break this down further, this display is like a sandwich that has few ingredients in-between itself, in technical term..........
   



 Small Size Displays: 2.4 inches TFT 
As small handheld devices are being a thing of the future, Microtips Technology is excited to announce our small Transmissive Normal White 2.4 TFT display, with an operating temperature of -20 ~ 70 degrees celsius, and a storage temperature of -30 ~ 80 degrees Celsius............
   



 4.3 TFT transmissive ESD Capabilities: 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our capabilities on our displays to improve ESD and EMI, one part# in particular is the UMSH-8868-6T, our 4.3 TFT transmissive Normal White with a operating temperature of -20 ~ 70 degrees Celsius and a storage temperature of -30 ~ 80 degrees Celsius. Before I go in greater details most LCD components does tend to be one of the more common areas for radiated emission to escape...........
   



 240x64 Anti-Glare Monochrome 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new 240x64 FSTN Reflective, Positive Mode Anti-Glare Display. Base on 240x64 interface type we happy to say this display has the capabilities to save image more than 24 hrs or longer without a refresh rate.. ......
   



 7.0 TFT TTL interface to 7.0 LVDS Interface 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new 7.0 LVDS TFT, which is a color active matrix thin film transistor liquid crystal display that uses amorphous silicon ......
   



 Cross-Listing all your Ocular Display (LCDs) needs 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce that we have the capabilities, and the ability to cross list all Ocular LCDs standard parts, and customize if needs be......
   



 15” RockTouch with PCAP 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new 15” PCAP display is our mission is to develop secure and easy integration for our clients.....
   



 4.3” OGS (One Glass Solution) PCAP and 12.1W RockTouch 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new 4.3” TFT, OGS PCAP display and our 12.1”W PCAP. This 4.3” OGS display reduces the thickness of a regular display with PCAP...
   



 Black 10.4” Multi-Touch Panel with COF tail and with cover lenses 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new 10.4” PCAP display. We do have many other options and features; our new line 10.4” PCAP is base on F/F/G structure (film/film/Glass) ...
   



 White 10.1” Multi-Touch Panel with COF tail and with cover lenses 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new 10.1” PCAP display. This is heavily base on F/F/G structure (film/film/Glass)...
   



 7" High Resolution PCAP Display 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new 7” TFT high resolution with PCAP. We do have many other options but, due to its resolution 1280x800.....
   



 White 20x4 OLED Display 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new white Character 20x4 OLED display. Within the driver of this LCM we have the current reference for brightness which is use to adjust the brightness of the display this low cost passive matrix, OLED display modules makes a great option for any applications, especially like small size LCDs..........
   



 Green PMOLED 256x64 OLED Display 
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new 256x64 OLED display. Within the driver of this LCM we have the current reference for brightness which is use to adjust the brightness of the display..........
   



 128x64 White COG OLED Display
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new 128*64 White COG OLED with PCB Graphic displays. These displays have a build in SSD1305Z IC which has a smaller module dimensions areas of 26.7 x 19.26 x 1.45 mm.........
   



 8x2 Sunlight readable OLED Display
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new 8x2 Sunlight Readable OLED display. This low cost passive matrix 8x2 character OLED display modules makes a great option for any application using small size LCDs......
   



 2.0" and 2.26" OLEDs Graphic Display
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new 2.0” of 128*32 and 2.26” of 132*32 OLED TAB Graphic displays. These displays have a build in SSD1305 IC which has the outline dimensions areas of 59.0 x 186mm and 62.64 x 25.44 mm....
   



 Sunlight Readable Mono Graphic OLED
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new 2.4” Sunlight Readable Mono Graphic OLED. This low cost passive matrix 2.4” Mono Graphic OLED display module makes a great option for any application using small size LCDs....
   



New Scalable PCAP Line
Microtips Technology is excited to announce our new website re-design with great features such as, the product sections comparison function that compares up to 4 specs at a time for optimal results, with more focus on press releases, and faster updates on featuring new products. We recently partner with RockTouch Technology having 14 years of experience in touch technology and working with well known touch company like 3M (Dynapro and Microtouch) and Elotouch...
   



IPS 4.3” WVGA TFT LCD Modules
Liquid crystal display (LCD) modules are commonly used in a variety of applications that are a part of our everyday lives. Full color TFT LCD modules are being used in a range of products, and have been implemented in everything from small handheld devices to large scale monitoring systems. Over the last few years 4.3” displays have been very popular in embedded system designs...
   



7.0 WVGA Thin Film Transistor
Microtips Technology is excited to announce the new high bright 7.0 TFT Modules without Touch panel; this low cost 1000 nit TFT display has an 18 bit digital interface. This display supports a Wide Video Graphics Array (WVGA) which has been referring to a display resolution of 800x480 pixels...
   



New Character and Graphic OLED Modules
Microtips Technology is pleased to announce our new line of passive matrix organic LED Modules, now available as standard off-the-shelf character and graphic displays. OLED technology achieves high brightness through organic technology which offers much lower power consumption than traditional LCDs with LED, CCFL and EL backlighting. The standard character sizes include...
   



New Character and Graphic OLED Modules
Microtips Technology is pleased to announce our new line of passive matrix organic LED Modules, now available as standard off-the-shelf character and graphic displays. OLED technology achieves high brightness through organic technology which offers much lower power consumption than traditional LCDs with LED, CCFL and EL backlighting. The standard character sizes include...
   



Optical Bonding for Projective Capacitive Touch Panel
Here at Microtips Technology we put a lot of focus on Projective Capacitive (PCAP) touch panels. This is because we see a huge trend in the industry for these products. They have far exceeded the popularity of resistive touch technology due to their highly responsive nature, wide range of applications and convenience of use. We’ve previously talked about how touch panels help increase the usability...
   



New Carbon Nanotube Capacitive Touch Panels for LCD
Capacitive touch panels have become the go-to technology for detecting user input in a wide range of applications and are commonly found paired with liquid crystal displays in every day devices such as desktop and smart phones, mobile devices, game consoles, all-in-one and tablet computers, appliances and monitoring devices...
   



Low Cost 7.0" and 10.1" Android Tablets
For your next OEM product design, streamline your R&D process with Microtips Technology's brand new line of fully featured, low cost, Android powered tablets. Available models include both 7.0" and 10.1" tablets with LED-backlit screen, WVGA to WXGA resolution, multi-touch projective capacitive touch screen and Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich OS. All our tablets come with a Cortex ...
   



Liquid Crystal Displays for Rackmount Applications
If you need a Liquid Crystal Display for your rackmount product, then Microtips Technology has the perfect product family of LCD modules to meet your needs. We offer a few different sized full color TFT LCD modules specially designed to fit within products conforming to the 1U, 2U & 3U standard dimensions and can withstand high operating temperature range. Some of the key features of the 1.77" (1U) version are a 160 x 128 resolution, onboard controller IC with 18bit CPU mode interface and 200nit brightness....
   



5.0" TFT with WSVGA Resolution and Portrait Orientation
Microtips Technology is excited to bring you our 5.0" TFT LCD module with true portrait mode orientation. The display industry lacks many quality 5.0" glass options, and it's rare to find them with the view cone designed for native portrait mode applications. This high quality 5.0" TFT boasts 70° wide viewing angles, high resolution WVGA 480x800 pixels, high speed serial and 24bit TTL- Sync/DE mode interface, 16.7 million color depth, minimum 300nit LED backlight, high 500:1 contrast and wide temperature range....
   



Wide View IPS 7.0" TFT LCD display
Microtips Technology is happy to announce our new low cost 7.0" TFT liquid crystal display module featuring "In Plane Switching" technology. IPS brings the added benefits of a wide view cone with free viewing angles, no gray inversion and fast response times, all without sacrificing the clear and vivid picture quality of LCD technology. IPS is perfect for portrait orientated applications (which require rotating the display), since viewing direction is optimized on all sides and colors will not wash out..
   



Standard CPU/MPU Interface TFT LCDs
Microtips Technology is a leading supplier of standard and custom monochrome LCD modules with a full catalog of Graphic and Character LCD products. Standard graphic modules are available in various sizes, with many popular resolutions from 122 x 32 up to 640 x 480 pixels. Standard character modules are available with up to 40 display characters on up to 4 lines. Plus, as a leading supplier of semi and full custom monochrome displays, Microtips Technology has something to meet all your design requirements...
   



Standard CPU/MPU Interface TFT LCDs
Microtips Technology offers a wide range of fully featured standard TFT modules with CPU/MPU bus interface mode. These CPU 6800 and 8080 mode interfaces offer a standard interface solution to simplify your design for any application. With TFT LCD modules available in various popular sizes and resolutions, such as 3.5" 320x240 QVGA, 5.7" QVGA, 5.7" 640x480 VGA, and 7.0" 800x480 WVGA...
   



Capacitive Touch TFT LCD Displays with Cover Glass
Microtips Technology is pleased to bring you our full line of TFT LCD displays, with cutting edge capacitive touch technology, including up to 10-point multitouch, gesture support and the added durability of cover glass. Available in various standard sizes of 2.5", 3.5", 4.3", 5.0", 7.0", with custom sizes and shapes also available. We offer a full range of resolutions, from 320x240 (QVGA) fullscreen to 1024x600 (SWGVA) widescreen format. Other LCD features include LVDS/TTL interface options, LED high brightness backlight, high contrast...
   



High Brightness 7.0" TFT Module
Microtips Technology is excited to bring you our new high brightness 7.0" TFT. The powerful 1000nit automotive grade LED backlight is bright enough to view in direct sunlight conditions and really brings the LCD to life in any application. Perfect for graphic and text to full motion video. The screen measures in at 7.0" (diagonal), and the product family includes a 5.7" version with a 10.1" version available soon...
   



Standard 4.3" TFT LCD Modules
Microtips Technology is pleased to announce our new line of standard 4.3" TFT modules. These high quality LCD modules are offered with many different options and features, and still available as an off the shelf product. The design makes a great product to cross with popular brands, and is great for any industry such as consumer products, telecom, medical, industrial, gaming, appliances, etc...
   



10.1 and 10.4 Large Panel Display Modules
Microtips Technology is excited to expand our current TFT modules to include our new line of standard off the shelf large panel display modules. Our newly available 10.1" and 10.4" modules are perfect for many different applications, such as industrial control, medical, digital photo frames, tablets, gaming or any other utilizing a larger display. Available with popular features like LVDS or parallel interface, up to 1024x768 high resolution, optional touch panel, up to 1000nit high brightness long life LED backlight and extremely wide 176° view cone...
   



5.0 Inch TFT LCD w/ Multi-touch Capacitive Touch Panel
Microtips is pleased to bring you our 5.0" TFT LCD with capacitive touch panel. This high quality 5.0" TFT utilizes all the benefits of capacitive touch technology to meet your needs, including true 5-point multi-touch, improved resolution, response and support for cover glass designs. Other features include a WVGA 800x480 resolution, 24bit parallel interface, wide view cone, high contrast, fast response times, white LED backlight...
   



7.0 Inch High Res TFT LCD w/ Multi-touch Capacitive Touch Panel
Microtips is pleased to bring you our high resolution 7.0"” TFT LCD with capacitive touch panel. This high quality 7.0"” TFT utilizes all the benefits of capacitive touch technology to meet your needs, including true 5-point multi-touch, improved resolution, response and support for cover glass designs. Our new module also features a high resolution 1024x600 widescreen display, LVDS interface, 500:1 contrast ratio, 200nit LED backlight, reduced mechanical depth and wide 140° view cone...
   



Microtips' Passive Matrix Organic LED
Microtips Technology is pleased to bring you our new line of PMOLED displays. PMOLED features include lower cost, very high bright, extremely high contrast, extra wide viewing angles, with relatively low power consumption. PMOLED inherently boasts an ultra-slim design, with optional custom PCB to fit your design requirements. Now available in Yellow, White, Blue or Red, 16x2 and 20x2 character modules...
   



3D active shutter glasses
Microtips Technology would like to announce our new manufacturing capabilities of 3D active shutter glasses. Microtips, with its years of experience in the LCD display industry, is investing extensive research and engineering in the growing world of 3D. The glass spec consists of:...
   



Microtips USA- 3.45” MTF-TQ35SP941-LB TFT LCD
Announcing the MTF-TQ35SP941-LB, QVGA, 3.45” transmissive TFT with an LED backlight of 200cd/m2 brightness. This thin and lightweight LCD can be configured to be driven by Digital 24-bits RGB / SERIAL RGB / CCIR656 / CCIR601 data...
   



7.0” TFT Automotive LCD - The Biggest, Little LCD Display You’ll Ever Need!
Microtips Technology USA is proud to introduce its automotive-grade 7.0” widescreen TFT LCD module. This display provides users with a durable extended temperature range that has 500 nit LED backlight, and available TTL parallel or LVDS interface. With an operating temperature range from -30° to +80°C and storage temperatures of -40° to +85°C, this display can withstand various climates. The antiglare treated glass provides maximum visibility...
   



White Paper: “Benefits of VLCD over VFD”
Microtips Technology USA has released white papers called “Benefits of VLCD over VFD”. Available on the Microtips USA website, as well as the ThomasNet White Papers Library, this paper explores the alternative benefits of the newly engineered, vivid liquid crystal display (VLCD), in comparison to the already existing vacuum fluorescent displays (VFD). Differences in the technical specifications that highlight the advantages...
   



Microtips New Vivid Liquid Crystal Display (VLCD)
Microtips Technology is proud to introduce Vivid Liquid Crystal Display (VLCD); a re-engineered LCD. VLCD is a low cost alternative to the VFD. VLCD offers a higher brightness and an 800:1 contrast, wide viewing angles and wide temperature ranges of OT=-30c to +80c and ST= -40c to +80c; with an added heater, VLCD’s have up to 40c OT. The non-sticking surface eliminates burn-in image issues associated with VFD. There is no need for color filters on a VLCD...
   



NMTC-S16210XFYHSAY
High Temp 16x2 Character STN Positive Transflective LCD with Serial RS232 Interface.Microtips Technology is pleased to offer a high temp 16x2 Character LCD STN positive Transflective LCD with serial RS232 interface. The viewing area for this display is 63.9 (W) x 15.8 (H) mm, and the outline dimensions are 101.6 (W) x 26.0 (H) x 41.0 max (D) mm. The viewing direction for this display is 6 o’clock view. The backlight on this model comes with a standard Yellow – Green Array LED backlight, which can be customized to a different color to suit your needs.
   



MTF-TW70SN731-LB
The 7.0" TFT is an 800xRGBx480 (WVGA) display with LVDS interface. Available with or without touch screen for user input Ideal for outdoor/indoor and Automotive type applications With a 500nit LED backlight Operation temperature of -30 to +80 Single 30pin interface connector due to on-board Timing controller and DC/DC The MOQ for this display is 500 pieces
   



MTF-T070ACSLN-LB
7.0" Digital TFT available with and without Touch Screen Display area of 91.44 x 152.40 mm Package dimension 104.0 x 165.0 x 5.5-mm The 800 x 480-resolution color display accepts an 18-bit input Integrated white LED backlight for an output of 220 nits, and a 500-nit version is available.
   

















































































































































































































































Color TFT LCDs
Microtips Technology brings to you a whole new range of products from the latest in LCD technology. A TFT LCD or color LCD module is a variant of an LCD which uses thin film transistor technology to improve an image quality.  Color LCD module is use in many appliances such as television, computer monitors, kindles, mobile phone, and navigation system within a airplane cockpit and much more.We have a rich inventory of products manufactured at our facilities  in Taiwan and Mainland China.

   



 






Mono Graphic LCDs
Choose from any of our Graphic LCD or Monochrome LCD displays to enjoy crystal clear viewing in all areas of application. We offer a wide range of LCD displays for automotive interiors, medical appliances, and hi-bright wide view LCDs for outdoors, and indoor use in various consumer and industrial areas.  Our displays perform a brilliant job on all kinds of text, graphics, pictures and full motion video. Most of our displays are available
   



 






Character LCDs
Character Liquid crystal displays come in many sizes which is often name by the number of rows and columns. Microtips Technology produces a whole range of Character LCD modules that are used in a wide variety of application areas from fax machines, and laser printers, to different industrial test equipments, and networking equipments such as, routers and storage devices. The Character LCD screens as the name implied, can display only text.
   



 


 



Featured News
Partnership with Raystar Optronics. Inc, located at Central Taiwan Science Park. more >>
Partnership with Fortune Global Components, a sales representative company in Bangalore India. more >>
For all Ocular LCDS, we have the ability to cross-list both standard, as well as, customize for your alternative needs, let us know how we can help you. more >>

Tweets by @MicrotipsUSA









 











Microtips Technology Inc in Asheville, NC
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Microtips Technology  Inc, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Microtips Technology  Inc

Microtips Technology Inc exports to Moog Music Inc through the port of Los Angeles, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Microtips Technology  Inc and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 STARBUCKS COFFEE SEATTLE
 LULULEMON USA INC
 SHIN CATERPILLAR MITSUBISHI        
 BOEING SUPPORT SERVICES
 CVS PHARMACY INC
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Microtips Technology  Inc
Microtips Technology Inc exports to Moog Music Inc through the port of Los Angeles, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



MICROTIPS TECHNOLOGY INC
12F NO 31 LANE 169 KANG NING ST XIZHI DIST NEW TAIPEI TW


MOOG MUSIC INC
160 BROADWAY STREET ASHEVILLE NC 28801 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



-NOT AVAILABLE
-NOT AVAILABLE



MOOG (IN DIA.) NORTH CAROLINA, USA C NO.1 37-37 37 MADE IN CHINA NO MARKS
MOOG (IN DIA.) NORTH CAROLINA, USA C NO.1 37-37 37 MADE IN CHINA NO MARKS





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



HDMUHKWB8382015


TCLU5291020
TCLU5291020


Product Description




AUDIO EQUIPMENT PCBA & PARTS INV17A0190 HS CODE 920994, 851890 THIS SHIPMENT DOES NOT CONTAIN ANY WOOD PACKAGING MATERIALS
AUDIO EQUIPMENT PCBA & PARTS INV17A0190 HS CODE 920994, 851890 THIS SHIPMENT DOES NOT CONTAIN ANY WOOD PACKAGING MATERIALS









Bill of LadingBANQHKG6038560Arrival Date2017-07-24Weight (LB)1,036Weight (KG)471UnitsXQuantity37 CTNContainer Count1Voyage No.101EPort of LoadingHONG KONGPort of DischargeLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIAVessel NameHYUNDAI SHANGHAICarrier CodeBANQCountry Of OriginHong KongPlace Of ReceiptHONG KONG 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Microtips Technology  Inc. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Microtips Technology  Inc has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Microtips Technology  Inc







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Microtips Technology  Inc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Artos Operations Ltd.                                



                                    Seisenbacher Rail Int'l                                



                                    Apex Sports & Outdoors                                



                                    Jiangsu Hengze Composite Materials                                



                                    Marthalina Lewis                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.4316
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















