

10-Q: ACTUA CORP - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

22,012
-4.44
-0.02%






Nasdaq

6,344
-18.99
-0.30%






S&P 500

2,471
-6.15
-0.25%









12:10 P.M. ET


Updated
      More than half of women who got an abortion last year were using contraception
                                





 
12:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      Fitbit shares rocket 15% as analysts bet on smartwatch launch
                                





 
12:08 P.M. ET


                                  CBS taps Facebook executive for digital ad push
                                





 
12:07 P.M. ET


                                  Aetna profit up on price hikes, raises outlook
                                





 
12:07 P.M. ET


                                  Kering drops Alibaba suit, forms new partnership
                                





 
12:05 P.M. ET


                                  Fed’s Rosengren says ‘taper tantrum’ unlikely to result from shrinking balance sheet
                                





 
12:05 P.M. ET


Updated
      Teva shares plummet 21% on cheaper generic drug prices, pulling rivals lower
                                





 
12:05 P.M. ET


Updated
      Tesla is a large public company, and Elon Musk must start acting like it
                                





 
12:02 P.M. ET


Updated
      Snap's stock plunges further as rival Instagram Stories celebrates one-year anniversary
                                





 
12:00 P.M. ET


                                  Here’s your best stock-market move after Dow 22,000
                                





 
11:58 A.M. ET


Updated
      FTSE 100 jumps, but pound slides as Bank of England cuts growth outlook 
                                





 
11:54 A.M. ET


                                  Clothes, meat, champagne and electronics — coming to a vending machine near you
                                





 
11:47 A.M. ET


                                  Congress wouldn’t do it, so Fannie and Freddie reformed themselves
                                





 
11:41 A.M. ET


Updated
      Dow tags the 22,000 mark, also quietly clears the 20-day volatility bands
                                





 
11:33 A.M. ET


Updated
      Treasury yields dip as traders look ahead to payrolls
                                





 
11:29 A.M. ET


Updated
      Oil prices rise as investors focus on U.S. data
                                





 
11:29 A.M. ET


                                  Good news: Employees are starting to get serious about saving for retirement 
                                





 
11:29 A.M. ET


                                  Square stock price target raised to $26 from $18 at Canaccord Genuity
                                





 
11:27 A.M. ET


                                  Trump’s long vacation is needed to stop leaks to the White House press
                                





 
11:16 A.M. ET


                                  GM's Chevy Bolt beats Tesla's Model S in Consumer Reports' range test
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: ACTUA CORP
    








    By

Published: May 9, 2016 5:48 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth elsewhere in this Report and discussed in our other SEC filings. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes thereto included in this Report. The Consolidated Financial Statements include the consolidated accounts of Actua Corporation, a company incorporated in Delaware, and its subsidiaries, both wholly-owned and consolidated (Actua Corporation and all such subsidiaries are collectively hereafter referred to as "Actua," the "Company," "we," "our," or "us"), and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Executive Summary Actua is a multi-vertical cloud technology company with offerings that we believe create unique and compelling value for our customers and provide transformative efficiency to vertical markets. We manage our consolidated vertical cloud-based businesses, which operate in the commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, wealth management, government communications and environmental, health and safety ("EH&S") markets, with a uniform set of industry-standard recurring revenue metrics and specifically look to drive growth at those businesses by: continuously creating compelling, differentiated cloud-based products and services through investment in research and development; driving efficient long-term growth in recurring revenue through investment in lead generation, marketing and sales; identifying, structuring and executing accretive acquisitions that accelerate strategic plans, increase revenue growth and, over time, improve margins;   investing in and cultivating deep, domain-expert management teams; and   implementing strategies to obtain operational leverage and increased profitability while maintaining high revenue growth, particularly as a company scales.  We believe that, through those and other measures, we are developing a set of leading businesses that possess unique assets which are hard to replicate and which provide competitive differentiation in the sizable vertical markets in which they operate. We believe further that our vertical cloud business model focus, which drives the compelling value proposition of our businesses, well-positions us to generate sustained, meaningful long-term returns for our stockholders through, among other things:   strong gross margins;   disciplined customer acquisition and attractive lifetime customer values, which allow for efficient growth through investment in sales and marketing; economies of scale inherent in multi-tenancy software architecture, which allow a focus on innovation; and   ultimately, long-term profitability and operating cash flow.  The results of operations of our businesses are reported in two segments: the "vertical cloud" reporting segment and the "vertical cloud (venture)" reporting segment. Our vertical cloud reporting segment reflects the aggregate financial results of our businesses:   in which our management takes a very active role in providing strategic direction and operational support; and   towards which we devote relatively large proportions of our personnel, financial capital and other resources.  As of the date of this Report, we own substantial majority controlling equity positions in (and therefore consolidate the financial results of) each of the four businesses in our vertical cloud segment: Bolt (of which we own 70%), FolioDynamix (of which we own 98%), GovDelivery (of which we own 94%) and VelocityEHS (of which we own 99%).  As described in expanded detail below, each of our four vertical cloud businesses, Bolt, FolioDynamix, GovDelivery and VelocityEHS, offers cloud-based products and services that address the needs of a specific vertical market or industry. Each of those businesses competes with one or more traditional or cloud-based software firms, some of which have a horizontal/multi-industry focus and some of which may have better name recognition and greater financial and other resources than our businesses do. We believe that each of our businesses is well-positioned to compete with those firms because of, among other things, the vertical domain expertise and vertically-focused technology that we have cultivated.   approximately 5,160 commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products from over 95 carriers that Bolt is able to offer through its platform; the broad reach of FolioDynamix's wealth management platform, which serviced approximately $622 billion of assets under management ("AUM") as of March 31, 2016, and its complementary investment advisory services, which encompassed approximately $20 billion of AUM (of which $4.9 billion are Regulatory AUM) as of March 31, 2016; GovDelivery's subscriber base in excess of 120 million interested citizens; and VelocityEHS' industry-leading proprietary database, which contains over 9.6 million safety data sheets.  Another key component of our business strategy, in addition to our multi-vertical domain expertise and effective and efficient research and development, is the leverage inherent in the recurring revenue generated by our cloud-based software delivery model. In part because our customers are required to make periodic payments to continue receiving access to our cloud-based products and services, we have established long-term relationships with our customers, many of which are governed by multi-year contracts that have historically high renewal rates. The consistent revenue stream provided by our recurring revenue model, coupled with our relatively high gross margins, allow us to drive revenue growth more consistently over time through investment in lead generation, sales and marketing. In order to ensure that we are effectively leveraging our cloud-based model, we closely monitor and manage the revenue growth rates, along with the gross margins, number of customers and a variety of customer retention and sales efficiency metrics, at each of our businesses. Through the first quarter of 2016:   Bolt's revenue grew approximately 10% in the three-month period ended March 31, 2016 from the corresponding prior year period. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, Bolt served approximately 2,065 independent commercial and personal property and casualty insurance agent customers, seven large commercial and personal property and casualty insurance carrier-agency customers, six customers who are non-traditional sellers of commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products and one state commercial and personal property and casualty insurance exchange customer; FolioDynamix's revenue was essentially flat from the corresponding three-month prior year period, and, during the three months ended March 31, 2016, it served over 91 direct financial services organizations, such as brokerage firms, banks (trust and retail), large registered investment advisors ("RIAs") and RIA networks and other fee-based managed account providers; GovDelivery's revenue grew approximately 20% from the corresponding three-month prior year period, and, during the three months ended March 31, 2016, it served over 1,200 government entities, agencies and organizations at the national, state and local levels in both the United States and Europe; and VelocityEHS' revenue grew approximately 23% from the corresponding three-month prior year period. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, VelocityEHS served around 12,000 customers; approximately 75% are platform customers, consisting of large and mid-market North American businesses in a wide variety of industries.  We also actively source and intend to selectively pursue acquisitions that would provide one or more of our businesses with critical mass, complementary cloud-based products and services to sell to existing customers, additional customers for existing cloud-based products and services, access to adjacent cloud computing markets, and/or technology that is a differentiator in the business' vertical cloud computing market. For example, in January 2016, VelocityEHS acquired substantially all of the assets of ErgoAdvocate, a company that provides ergonomics assessment and training software; the acquisition allows VelocityEHS to provide a new offering to customers.  Our ability to execute against our business strategy and continue to successfully grow our vertical cloud businesses will be dependent on a number of factors, including the following:   the emergence of additional competitors in our markets and improved product offerings by existing and new competitors;   our prospective customers' willingness to migrate to cloud computing services;   the availability, performance and security of our cloud-based technology, particularly in light of increased cybersecurity risks and concerns;   our ability to continue to drive successful customer adoption and utilization of our cloud-based technologies;   our ability to continue to release, and gain customer acceptance of, new and improved features and functionality;   our ability to continue to maintain a leadership role in the vertical industries in which we operate;   our ability to have continued access to capital and to manage capital resources effectively;   our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies;   acceptance of our cloud-based products and services in new markets or markets where we have few customers;   our ability to continue to maintain appropriate data center capacity and security as our businesses grow;   our ability to attract new personnel and retain and motivate current personnel, particularly personnel with the vertical domain expertise that is critical to our success; and   general economic conditions, which could affect our customers' ability and willingness to purchase our cloud-based solutions, delay customers' purchasing decisions or affect customer attrition rates.  Our Vertical Cloud Businesses  As of the date of this Report, we consolidated the following vertical cloud businesses:  Bolt  Bolt offers a cloud-based platform that, through its unique product and technology connectivity, is changing the way insurance is sold. The platform provides:   large commercial and personal property and casualty insurance carrier-agencies with a means to enable all of their captive agents to meet the needs of their customers by giving them instant access to a wide range of commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products from a variety of other prominent carriers;   independent commercial and personal property and casualty insurance agents with a means to meet the needs of their customers by giving them instant access to a wide range of commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products from a variety of prominent carriers;   non-traditional sellers of commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products with a means to meet the needs of their customers by giving them instant access to a cloud-based distribution network and a wide range of commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products from a variety of prominent carriers; and   commercial and personal property and casualty insurance carriers with a variety of additional distribution channels that foster a richer flow of business across their commercial and personal property and casualty insurance product lines.  Bolt is able to provide its platform-subscriber customers and partners, which include large insurance carrier-agencies, independent insurance agents and other insurance-based organizations, with access to a wide array of commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products through its agency appointments from various prominent insurance carriers. Any loss by Bolt of one or more of these agency appointments or one or more of its large platform customers would have a negative impact on Bolt's business, financial results and condition, but Bolt does not have any agency appointment or customer the loss of which would have a materially adverse financial impact on our vertical cloud business as a whole. Bolt's platform customers pay both subscription and transaction-based fees (commissions) for use of its platform; the insurance carriers whose products are sold on the platform pay Bolt on a commissions basis for products sold. Bolt sells the periodic (usually multi-year) platform subscriptions to its customers and establishes and manages its carrier agency relationships directly through its internal sales team. In addition to the revenue Bolt derives from providing access to its platform, Bolt also operates as an independent insurance agency and sells commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products directly to consumers online through its platform; those sales represent a relatively small percentage of Bolt's business.  The insurance intermediary business is highly competitive, and numerous firms, some of which have substantially greater financial and other resources, name recognition and market presence than Bolt, actively compete with Bolt for customers and insurance markets. Competition in the insurance business is largely based on innovation, quality of service and price. A number of insurance companies directly sell insurance, primarily to individuals, and do not pay commissions to third-party agents and brokers. In addition, the cloud has increasingly become a source for the direct placement of personal business lines. We believe that Bolt's unique platform and the product and technology connectivity that it offers allows Bolt to compete in the insurance market. In the three months ended March 31, 2016, Bolt spent approximately $1.0 million on research and development activities.  As of March 31, 2016, Bolt had 200 employees, of which 6 were part-time employees.  FolioDynamix  FolioDynamix offers wealth management service providers and financial advisors a comprehensive, secure, cloud-based wealth management technology platform and advisory solutions for managing the full wealth management lifecycle across all types of investment programs. FolioDynamix provides its customers with leading-edge technology to attract and retain the best advisors, enable more effective business process management, accelerate client acquisition and gain visibility across all AUM.  FolioDynamix's customers include a variety of financial services organizations, such as brokerage firms, banks (trust and retail), large RIAs, and RIA networks and other fee-based managed account providers. FolioDynamix's customers access specified bundles of platform applications through the cloud on a periodic (usually multi-year) subscription basis. FolioDynamix sells the periodic subscriptions directly to its customers through its internal sales team. FolioDynamix's comprehensive, integrated platform enables highly sophisticated management of all aspects of a financial services organization's wealth management process, including:   proposal generation and investment policy statement management;   client acquisition and onboarding;   investment model management;   portfolio rebalancing;   trading and trade order management;   performance management and reporting; and   portfolio accounting.  FolioDynamix complements its innovative wealth management platform and applications with institutional-quality research, content and consulting expertise through its subsidiary, FDx Advisors, Inc. ("FDx Advisors"). FDx Advisors is an RIA firm that is independently available to help wealth management firms with due diligence and discretionary investment solutions that can be fully integrated with the FolioDynamix technology platform. The company charges its customers for these advisory services fees based on a specified percentage of AUM.  FolioDynamix's five largest customers in terms of revenue generation represented approximately 56% of its revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2016. Although a loss of one or more of these customers (most of which have been signed to long-term contracts through at least 2017) would have a negative impact on FolioDynamix's financial results and condition, FolioDynamix does not have any customer the loss of which would have a materially adverse financial impact on our vertical cloud businesses as a whole.  The market for wealth management software and advisory services is fragmented, competitive and rapidly changing. When selling its software to large financial services organizations, FolioDynamix faces competition from software companies who provide end-to-end, cloud-based solutions and an even larger number of software companies that offer individual point solutions; some of these companies may have better name recognition and financial and other resources than FolioDynamix. To a lesser degree, the company competes with in-house solutions that its current and prospective clients may develop. We believe that FolioDynamix's sophisticated, highly-scalable, comprehensive cloud-based technology platform, along with its deep wealth management domain knowledge and processes, particularly in the areas of research and regulatory compliance, provide it with a strong position in the wealth management software and advisory services market. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, FolioDynamix spent approximately $2.4 million on research and development activities.  As of March 31, 2016, FolioDynamix had 121 employees, of which 2 were part-time employees.  GovDelivery  GovDelivery is a provider of cloud-based communication solutions that allow governments, government agencies and government organizations to reach more people and mobilize them to action. GovDelivery's digital communication management platform enables the public sector to address a variety of real, ongoing challenges it faces by interacting more efficiently with citizens through e-mail, mobile text alerts, really simple syndication ("RSS"), and social media channels.  Through the GovDelivery platform, GovDelivery's customers, which include government entities, agencies and organizations at the national, state and local levels in both the United States and Europe, are able to:   increase online transactions, such as registrations and renewals, through personalized content, reminders, cross-promotion offers and other features;   promote successful events through multi-channel communications, personalized and contextual content and integration with other organizations and registration platforms;   manage emergency situations with real-time updates, sophisticated audience targeting and integration with other emergency alert systems;   build communities around data and expand volunteerism with broad reach, engaging content, sophisticated audience targeting and in-depth tracking analytics;   create modern training experiences that support regulatory compliance, encourage disaster preparedness and advance community education through a unified platform with sophisticated audience targeting;   improve media relations with tools that streamline communications with media outlets and measure the level of engagement that media outlets have with their multi-channel communications; and   drive increased digital engagement among citizens with a user-friendly, integrated, multi-channel communications approach.  GovDelivery's customers access the company's platform through the cloud on a periodic (usually annual or multi-year) subscription basis; GovDelivery sells the periodic subscriptions directly to its customers through its internal sales team. Since GovDelivery's customers are government entities and government affiliates, they generally have the right to terminate contracts upon notice at their unilateral election. In addition, GovDelivery derives, and will continue to derive, the majority of its revenue from work performed for the United States federal government and federal government agencies, some of which individually account for a significant amount of GovDelivery's revenue; however, the work is performed under a myriad of separate, independent relationships and agreements with various branches and agencies within the federal government.  The market for digital communication solutions in general is fragmented, highly competitive and rapidly changing. GovDelivery provides its solutions exclusively to the public sector, while its competitors generally focus on digital marketing solutions targeting either the small business market or the private sector enterprise market. To a lesser degree, GovDelivery competes with in-house solutions that its current and prospective customers may develop. We believe that GovDelivery's cloud-based technology and domain expertise, which manifests itself in strong relationships with many government entities, a subscriber base of more than 100 million interested citizens and a unique understanding of the day-to-day communication challenges faced by public sector clients, allows it to compete effectively against other digital communications service providers. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, GovDelivery spent approximately $2.2 million on research and development initiatives.  As of March 31, 2016, GovDelivery had 221 employees, of which 1 was a part-time employee.  VelocityEHS  In September 2015, MSDSonline Holdings, Inc. undertook a rebranding effort and changed its corporate name to VelocityEHS Holdings, Inc. in order to reflect the completion of its transformation into a platform with a comprehensive set of cloud-based EH&S tools. These tools allow customers to gain visibility into, and control risk at, their companies in the areas of incident management, audit and inspection training, compliance management, risk analysis, ergonomics, greenhouse gas reporting and sustainability metrics and reporting. VelocityEHS's platform helps businesses create safer work environments by identifying, managing and reducing potential workplace and environmental hazards that save time, lower costs and reduce the risk and liability associated with meeting compliance (particularly U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA")) requirements.  VelocityEHS's customers, which include large and mid-market North American businesses in a wide variety of industries (including healthcare, manufacturing, education, construction, hospitality and technology, among many others), access the company's applications through the cloud on a subscription basis (usually multi-year); VelocityEHS sells the subscriptions directly to its customers through its internal sales team.  VelocityEHS's principal products are currently chemical management products. Both of these cloud-based applications provide customers with the ability to track, manage and report on the hazardous chemicals contained in their workplaces, with the HQ RegXR Account application containing additional regulatory reporting functionality. Specifically, the applications provide businesses with:   24/7 access to the industry's leading database of chemical safety data sheets, which ensures that their safety data sheet libraries are complete, up-to-date and OSHA-compliant;   user-friendly tools that enable compliance with a variety of hazard communication requirements, such as chemical labeling, safe chemical handling and more (with the HQ RegXR Account application featuring a sophisticated regulatory cross-referencing engine);   robust chemical management tools, including chemical mapping features, which significantly increase control over the location, status and risks associated with the chemicals at their facilities;   mobile-enabled functionality and chemical inventory scanning technology, which allow on-the-spot access to chemical inventory information via mobile devices; and   quick ROI and low cost of ownership, as they eliminate time-consuming, manual administrative tasks.  VelocityEHS offers a number of customer services to support its HQ Account and HQ RegXR Account applications, such as customer training, safety data sheet authoring and compiling/indexing of customers' online safety data sheet libraries; those services are sold to customers on a project fee basis.  VelocityEHS has around 12,000 customers, none of which individually account for a material portion of the company's annual revenues. The market for EH&S software is fragmented and competitive. When selling its applications and services to large organizations, VelocityEHS faces competition from both large horizontal/multi-industry software companies that offer EH&S modules and smaller software companies focused solely on EH&S markets; some of these software companies provide cloud-based software solutions, while others offer only . . .  May 09, 2016  (c) 1995-2016 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Dow 22,000 means the worst is yet to come


Tesla cheered as results beat forecasts, but Wall Street braces for another capital raise


Trump is right about record earnings — and these companies are getting even more profitable















Most Popular





Dow 22,000 means the worst is yet to come





Apple’s stock could double on the ‘mother of all artificial-intelligence projects’





Why Dow 22,000 is not good news for most Americans





3 reasons a stock-market correction is coming in late summer or early fall





What 'Flash Boys' Brad Katsuyama thinks is killing Wall Street trade




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 




















Company Profile for Actua Corp



























































X



Edition:

India


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Actua Corp (ACTA.OQ)





Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    










				ACTA.OQ on NASDAQ Stock Exchange Global Select Market


				13.20USD
8:01pm IST





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.10


					            (-0.75%)
					        






Prev Close

$13.30


Open

$13.25




Day's High

$13.30


Day's Low

$13.15




Volume

10,374


Avg. Vol

41,381




52-wk High

$15.27


52-wk Low

$9.44












					Full Description



Actua Corporation, formerly ICG Group, Inc., incorporated on February 2, 1999, is a multi-vertical cloud technology company. The Company operates through two segments, which include the vertical cloud segment and the vertical cloud (venture) segment. The Company's vertical cloud-based businesses include Bolt Solutions Inc. (Bolt), Folio Dynamics Holdings Inc. (FolioDynamix), GovDelivery Holdings, Inc. (GovDelivery) and VelocityEHS Holdings, Inc. (VelocityEHS), which operate in the commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, wealth management, government communications and environmental, health and safety (EH&S) markets, respectively. The vertical cloud (venture) businesses include InstaMed Holdings, Inc. (InstaMed) and Parchment Inc. (Parchment), which operate a cloud-based healthcare payments network and an education credentials technology, respectively.Vertical Cloud BusinessesBolt offers a cloud-based platform through its product and technology connectivity. Bolt provides its platform-subscriber customers and partners, including insurance carrier-agencies, independent insurance agents and other insurance-based organizations, with access to commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products through its agency appointments from various insurance carriers. Bolt also operates as an independent insurance agency and sells commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products directly to consumers online through its platform.FolioDynamix offers wealth management service providers and financial advisors a cloud-based wealth management technology platform and advisory solutions for managing the full wealth management lifecycle across various types of investment programs. FolioDynamix's customers include a range of financial services organizations, such as brokerage firms, banks (trust and retail), registered investment advisors (RIAs) and RIA networks and other fee-based managed account providers. FolioDynamix's customer's access specified bundles of platform applications through the cloud on a periodic (usually multi-year) subscription basis.GovDelivery is a provider of cloud-based communication solutions that allow governments, government agencies and government organizations to reach people and mobilize them to action. GovDelivery's digital communication management platform enables the public sector to interact with citizens through e-mail, mobile text alerts, really simple syndication (RSS) and social media channels. Through the GovDelivery platform, GovDelivery's customers, including government entities, agencies and organizations at the national, state and local levels in both the United States and Europe, are engaged in online transactions, promoting events, managing emergency situations, supporting regulatory compliance, and drives digital engagement among citizens with an integrated, multi-channel communications approach.VelocityEHS's principal products are chemical management products. VelocityEHS's platform is engaged in identifying, managing and reducing potential workplace and environmental hazards associated with meeting compliance (particularly the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA)) requirements. VelocityEHS's customers, which include large and mid-market North American businesses in a range of industries (including healthcare, manufacturing, education, construction, hospitality and technology, among many others), access the Company's applications through the cloud on a subscription basis (usually multi-year). VelocityEHS offers various customer services to support its HQ Account and HQ RegXR Account applications, such as customer training, safety data sheet authoring and compiling/indexing of customers' online safety data sheet libraries.Vertical Cloud (Venture) BusinessesInstaMed operates a cloud-based healthcare payments network focused on healthcare providers, payers and patients. With its bank partners, InstaMed moves information on its integrated network, connecting various hospitals, practices and payers, and patients for business. Parchment is a provider of education credentials technology, which allows learners, educators and employers to collect, analyze, use and share credentials. Parchment's cloud-based software offering is a transcript exchange and intelligence platform that enables the rapid exchange of electronic transcripts and other student records among schools, universities, state education agencies and individuals.

» Full Overview of ACTA.OQ







					Company Address



Actua Corp
555 E Lancaster Ave Ste 640RADNOR   PA   19087-5164
P: +1610.7276900F: +1610.7276901







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Walter Buckley

16,515,600




							 Douglas Alexander

16,514,200




							 Raymond Morgan

4,692,120




							 David Downes

--




							 David Adelman

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Actua Corp News




BRIEF-Actua reports Q1 loss per share $0.30

04 May 2017 
UPDATE 2-Genel shares hit all-time low as oil reserves disappear

28 Mar 2017 
BRIEF-Actua files for non-timely 10-K - SEC filing

17 Mar 2017 
BRIEF-Actua Q4 non-gaap loss per share $0.06

09 Mar 2017 
Icahn buys Bristol-Myers shares, adding to activist pressure

22 Feb 2017 


» More ACTA.OQ  News
















Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesTechnologyIT Services & Consulting
























MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



Sales


Steel and Iron


Taxes


Earnings


Health Care


Banks and Banking




Credit


Ice


Markets


Politics and Government


Production


Gas Prices




Russia


Oil


U.S. Politics


Europe


London Markets


Architecture






People in the news



Li Ka-Shing


Musk, Elon


Trump, Donald


Buffett, Warren


David, George


George, David




Greenspan, Alan


Wilson, Michael


Gold, Howard


Hussein


Cook, Tim


Dauman, Philippe




Clarke, Andrew


Gates, Bill


Miles, David


Rodriguez, Alex


Disney, Walt


Martin, John






Companies in the news



Clorox Co.


Aetna Inc.


Performance


New York Mercantile Exchange


United Health Services


University Health Services




The Irvine


Capital One Financial


Communications Workers of America


Best Buy Co. Inc.


Kraft Foods Inc


Staples Inc.




Wal-Mart Stores


Whole Foods Market


Travel


Morgan Stanley


Facebook


International Data Group






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


OPEC


Securities and Exchange Commission


University of California


University of Pennsylvania


University of Southern California




University of Washington


Washington University


Bank of England


European Union


Nasdaq Stock Market


World Bank




Congress


University of Michigan


World Health Organization


Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Federal Reserve Board


European Central Bank












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




12:12 PM EDT
August 3, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:11pMore than half of women who got an abortion last year were using contraception
12:09pFitbit shares rocket 15% as analysts bet on smartwatch launch
12:08pCBS taps Facebook executive for digital ad push
12:08pAetna profit up on price hikes, raises outlook
12:07pKering drops Alibaba suit, forms new partnership
12:06pFed’s Rosengren says ‘taper tantrum’ unlikely to result from shrinking balance sheet
12:06pTeva shares plummet 21% on cheaper generic drug prices, pulling rivals lower
12:05pTesla is a large public company, and Elon Musk must start acting like it
12:03pSnap's stock plunges further as rival Instagram Stories celebrates one-year anniversary
12:00pHere’s your best stock-market move after Dow 22,000
11:59aFTSE 100 jumps, but pound slides as Bank of England cuts growth outlook 
11:55aClothes, meat, champagne and electronics — coming to a vending machine near you
11:47aCongress wouldn’t do it, so Fannie and Freddie reformed themselves
11:41aDow tags the 22,000 mark, also quietly clears the 20-day volatility bands
11:33aTreasury yields dip as traders look ahead to payrolls
11:29aSquare stock price target raised to $26 from $18 at Canaccord Genuity
11:29aOil prices rise as investors focus on U.S. data
11:29aGood news: Employees are starting to get serious about saving for retirement 
11:27aTrump’s long vacation is needed to stop leaks to the White House press
11:17aGM's Chevy Bolt beats Tesla's Model S in Consumer Reports' range test
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
22,011.92

-4.32
-0.02%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,343.61

-19.03
-0.30%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,471.43

-6.14
-0.25%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

















































Actua Corp (ACTA.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Actua Corp (ACTA.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				ACTA.O on Nasdaq


				13.20USD
10:33am EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.10


					            (-0.75%)
					        






Prev Close

$13.30


Open

$13.25




Day's High

$13.30


Day's Low

$13.15




Volume

22,690


Avg. Vol

161,860




52-wk High

$15.27


52-wk Low

$9.42












					Full Description



Actua Corporation, formerly ICG Group, Inc., incorporated on February 2, 1999, is a multi-vertical cloud technology company. The Company operates through two segments, which include the vertical cloud segment and the vertical cloud (venture) segment. The Company's vertical cloud-based businesses include Bolt Solutions Inc. (Bolt), Folio Dynamics Holdings Inc. (FolioDynamix), GovDelivery Holdings, Inc. (GovDelivery) and VelocityEHS Holdings, Inc. (VelocityEHS), which operate in the commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, wealth management, government communications and environmental, health and safety (EH&S) markets, respectively. The vertical cloud (venture) businesses include InstaMed Holdings, Inc. (InstaMed) and Parchment Inc. (Parchment), which operate a cloud-based healthcare payments network and an education credentials technology, respectively.Vertical Cloud BusinessesBolt offers a cloud-based platform through its product and technology connectivity. Bolt provides its platform-subscriber customers and partners, including insurance carrier-agencies, independent insurance agents and other insurance-based organizations, with access to commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products through its agency appointments from various insurance carriers. Bolt also operates as an independent insurance agency and sells commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products directly to consumers online through its platform.FolioDynamix offers wealth management service providers and financial advisors a cloud-based wealth management technology platform and advisory solutions for managing the full wealth management lifecycle across various types of investment programs. FolioDynamix's customers include a range of financial services organizations, such as brokerage firms, banks (trust and retail), registered investment advisors (RIAs) and RIA networks and other fee-based managed account providers. FolioDynamix's customer's access specified bundles of platform applications through the cloud on a periodic (usually multi-year) subscription basis.GovDelivery is a provider of cloud-based communication solutions that allow governments, government agencies and government organizations to reach people and mobilize them to action. GovDelivery's digital communication management platform enables the public sector to interact with citizens through e-mail, mobile text alerts, really simple syndication (RSS) and social media channels. Through the GovDelivery platform, GovDelivery's customers, including government entities, agencies and organizations at the national, state and local levels in both the United States and Europe, are engaged in online transactions, promoting events, managing emergency situations, supporting regulatory compliance, and drives digital engagement among citizens with an integrated, multi-channel communications approach.VelocityEHS's principal products are chemical management products. VelocityEHS's platform is engaged in identifying, managing and reducing potential workplace and environmental hazards associated with meeting compliance (particularly the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA)) requirements. VelocityEHS's customers, which include large and mid-market North American businesses in a range of industries (including healthcare, manufacturing, education, construction, hospitality and technology, among many others), access the Company's applications through the cloud on a subscription basis (usually multi-year). VelocityEHS offers various customer services to support its HQ Account and HQ RegXR Account applications, such as customer training, safety data sheet authoring and compiling/indexing of customers' online safety data sheet libraries.Vertical Cloud (Venture) BusinessesInstaMed operates a cloud-based healthcare payments network focused on healthcare providers, payers and patients. With its bank partners, InstaMed moves information on its integrated network, connecting various hospitals, practices and payers, and patients for business. Parchment is a provider of education credentials technology, which allows learners, educators and employers to collect, analyze, use and share credentials. Parchment's cloud-based software offering is a transcript exchange and intelligence platform that enables the rapid exchange of electronic transcripts and other student records among schools, universities, state education agencies and individuals.

» Full Overview of ACTA.O







					Company Address



Actua Corp
555 E Lancaster Ave Ste 640RADNOR   PA   19087-5164
P: +1610.7276900F: +1610.7276901







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Walter Buckley

16,515,600




							 Douglas Alexander

16,514,200




							 Raymond Morgan

4,692,120




							 David Downes

--




							 David Adelman

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Actua Corp News




BRIEF-Actua reports Q1 loss per share $0.30

May 04 2017 
Genel shares hit all-time low as oil reserves disappear

Mar 28 2017 
UPDATE 2-Genel shares hit all-time low as oil reserves disappear

Mar 28 2017 
BRIEF-Actua files for non-timely 10-K - SEC filing

Mar 16 2017 
BRIEF-Actua Q4 non-gaap loss per share $0.06

Mar 09 2017 


» More ACTA.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyIT Services & Consulting























NUTORK CORP







Add Favorite | Set Homepage



NUTORK CORP
NUTORK CORP. manufactures a wide range of pneumatic actuators, electric actua...






Home
About Us
Products
Purchase
News
Honors
Contacts



















Product Categories


No Categories


Search







ProductsPurchaseNewsHonors 



Links


No link




Home > Welcome
Recommended products















About Us



NUTORK CORP. manufactures a wide range of pneumatic actuators, electric actuators and the accessories of pneumatic actuator(limit switchbox, solenoid valve, manual override ---etc.) for quarter turn valves,offering reliable performance in the industries of Oil & Gas, Refining, Petrochemical, Chemical Processing, Food & Beverage, Pharmaceuticals, Pulp & Paper, HVAC, Power Plant, Waster-Water Treatment, ---etc.
We manufacture and provide the following pneumatic & electric actuators and the accessories (limit switchbox, solenoid valve, E/P positioner, manual override and reduction square).
  [Details Introduction]


Latest supply





MINIATURE ELECTRIC VALVE
2012-05-10





NSF SERIES SCOTCH YOKE PNEUMATIC ACTUATOR
2012-05-10





NTQ SERIES ELECTRIC ACTUATOR
2012-05-10





NTE SERIES  ELECTRIC ACTUATOR
2012-05-10





NK SERIES RACK & PINION PNEUMATIC ACTUATOR
2012-05-10



﻿






Home
 | About Us
 | Products
 | Purchase
 | News
 | Honors
 | Contacts
 | Site Manage

Copyright ©2017 NUTORK CORP All rights reserved.Technical Support：Valve Trade    Count：14088
            Products by Category: Valve Trade, Valve World, Valve Quote, Ball valve, Butterfly valve, Control valve, Gate valve, Check valve, Solenoid Valve, Globe valve, Stainless Steel valve, Angle valve, Brass valve, Hydraulic valve, Safety valve, Vacuum valve, Reducing valve, Special valve, Plastic valve, Plug valve, Gas valve















Actua Corp - NASDAQ:ACTA - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet




























 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street










































 

















Actua Corp (ACTA)
Follow




                                    13.20
                                

0.10
0.75




                        NASDAQ : Technology
                    

Aug 3, 2017 10:31 AM EDT












Prev Close
  13.30


Open
13.25


Day Low/High

                                    13.15 /
                                    13.30


52 Wk Low/High

                                    7.28 /
                                    16.00
                                


Volume
78.99K


Avg Volume 
152.60K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
33.60M


Market Cap
456.90M


EPS
1.90


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            N/A
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News














Actua To Announce Second Quarter 2017 Results Wednesday, August 9th Before Market Open
















VelocityEHS Named A 2017 Green Quadrant Leader For Ease Of Use & Mobile Functionality













VelocityEHS To Address Post-GHS HazCom Deadline Confusion At ASSE Safety 2017 Conference


Jun 15, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









BOLT® Solutions, Inc. Partners With MassChallenge Israel To Share InsurTech Expertise And Guide The Next Generation Of Entrepreneurs


Jun 14, 2017 8:00 AM EDT









VelocityEHS Reminds Chemical Facilities Of EPA TRI Reporting Deadline


Jun 7, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









Actua To Hold Annual Stockholders' Meeting On June 16, 2017


Jun 6, 2017 11:13 AM EDT









VelocityEHS To Share Its EHS And Regulatory Expertise At AIHce Conference


Jun 1, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









VelocityEHS Named Best Software For EHS Management And MSDS Management By ISHN Readers


May 23, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









VelocityEHS Makes In-The-Field Chemical Management Faster And Easier With MSDSonline Mobile App Enhancement


May 16, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









VelocityEHS To Discuss Technology's Role In Improving EHS Excellence At The Verdantix Summit 2017


May 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









VelocityEHS Updates Its Industry-Leading Software To Make EHS Management Even Faster And Easier


May 9, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









Actua Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results


May 4, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









VelocityEHS Releases Template To Help EHS Professionals Create OSHA HazCom Written Plan


May 2, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









Actua To Announce First Quarter 2017 Results Thursday, May 4th Before Market Open


Apr 20, 2017 11:59 AM EDT









BOLT® Solutions, Inc. Bets On P&C Insurance Incumbents Paying Off
BOLT Solutions, the original InsurTech, expands product offering to better meet industry needs

Apr 19, 2017 9:00 AM EDT









VelocityEHS And Graphic Products Now Make It Easier To Produce Industrial Hazardous Chemical Labels


Apr 5, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









VelocityEHS Highlights New Strategies At 2017 Applied Ergonomics Conference


Mar 23, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









VelocityEHS Simplifies Complex Chemical Hazard Communication Compliance With Its Expanded Regulatory Consulting Services


Mar 16, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









Actua Announces Fourth Quarter And Full-Year 2016 Financial Results
Accelerating revenue growth in the second half of 2016 serves as foundation for strong growth in 2017

Mar 9, 2017 8:30 AM EST









BOLT® Solutions Releases BOLT 8.0, Now Available In Two Versions, ENTERPRISE And PREMIER
Solidifies Position as Leader of InsurTech Innovation

Mar 7, 2017 9:30 AM EST









NAEM's New 2017 EHS Software Buyer's Guide Now Available From VelocityEHS


Mar 7, 2017 9:00 AM EST









VelocityEHS To Speak On Technology's Role In Strengthening EHS Compliance At NAEM Software Conference


Mar 6, 2017 8:30 AM EST









Actua To Announce Fourth Quarter And Year End 2016 Results Thursday, March 9th Before Market Open


Feb 15, 2017 9:00 AM EST









VelocityEHS Partners With Avery To Expand Hazardous Chemical Labeling Options In The Workplace


Feb 14, 2017 10:00 AM EST









VelocityEHS Receives Top Customer Scores In NAEM EHS & Sustainability Software Report


Feb 7, 2017 8:30 AM EST













VelocityEHS Reminds EHS Professionals Of Approaching OSHA Recordkeeping And Reporting Deadlines


Jan 10, 2017 10:00 AM EST













VelocityEHS Wins 2016 New Product Of The Year Award For Its Environmental Management Software


Dec 21, 2016 8:30 AM EST













Actua Announces Final Results Of Tender Offer
Company acquires 4,588,094 shares at $14.00 per share

Dec 13, 2016 9:27 AM EST













Actua Announces Preliminary Results Of Tender Offer
Company expects to acquire 4,605,898 shares at $14.00 per share

Dec 8, 2016 9:00 AM EST









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ACM, ACTA, AEG, BDE, BG, CMCT, CMP, DAKT, FOR, FOX, IAC, JEC, RLGT, SLG, SPXC, TSLX, VNCE
    
Downgrades:  HRZN, JACK, OXFD, PPG, TSNU
    
Initiations:  AFCO, GNUS, NOMD, NRE, RACE
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Nov 22, 2016 11:00 AM EST












Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 10:31 AM EDT 8/3/2017


C-
(Hold)






Get the (ACTA) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Actua (ACTA) Investor Presentation - Slideshow

SeekingAlpha



Actua: Buybacks, Balance Sheet And Growing SaaS Business All Point To Upside

SeekingAlpha



Actua Corporation 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

SeekingAlpha



Actua misses by $0.01, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings before Thursday’s open

SeekingAlpha



Actua Corporation 2016 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

SeekingAlpha



Actua beats by $0.02, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings before Thursday’s open

SeekingAlpha



Actua (ACTA) Worth a Look: Stock Adds 6.3% in Session

Zacks



Actua (ACTA) Shows Strength: Stock Adds 12.9% in Session

Zacks



Dutch Auction Tender With Actua Corporation

SeekingAlpha



Actua Corporation 2016 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

SeekingAlpha



Actua beats by $0.07, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings before Thursday’s open

SeekingAlpha



Technology - Top 5 Gainers / Losers as of 3:00 pm

SeekingAlpha




















TheStreet
Quant Rating:

C- (Hold)



Get the (ACTA) Report Here 










 








Trending


Elon Musk Reveals Tons of People Have Canceled Tesla Model 3 Orders, Proving Several Key Things


It Has Gotten So Sad for Costco and Sam's Club They Are Discounting Stuff on Groupon


Tim Cook on Trump's Claim that Apple Is Building 3 U.S. Factories: 'There's More We Can Do'


Tesla's Remarkable Rally Just Getting Started: Chart


Apple Has Discovered a Secret Pool of People That Really Want to Use iPads











Advertising Partners
 
 
 
 













 












 


































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers
 
 
 
 
 
 













Actuant Home

































Home


Who We Are


News


Investors


Business Segments


Careers







Contact










Contact





Name:

Enter Name



Email:

Enter Email



Submitting Form...




The server encountered an error.




Form received.





Submit





Message:

Enter Your Message



Image Verification:

Enter Image Text







Company:

Enter Company



Country:

Enter Text




ACTUANT CORPORATE OFFICE
N86 W12500 Westbrook Crossing
Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin 53051
United States
800.624.5242 General Information
262.293.1500 Phone




INVESTOR & MEDIA INQUIRIES
Karen Bauer
Communications & Investor Relations Leader
262.293.1562 (office)
414.217.8618 (cell)
karen.bauer@actuant.com









X





























Serving customers from operations in more than 30 countries




Solutions that increase productivity while making work safer




Providing mission critical tools, systems and services


















Who We Are




























HISTORY


SUSTAINABILITY


FACT SHEET


LEADERSHIP


VISION, BUSINESS MODEL & VALUES


GLOBAL LOCATIONS





Company Overview




Actuant Corporation is a $1.2B diversified industrial company serving customers from operations in more than 30 countries. The Actuant businesses are leaders in a broad array of niche markets including branded hydraulic tools and solutions; specialized products and services for energy markets and highly engineered position and motion control systems. The Company was founded in 1910 and is headquartered in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin. Actuant business operations are divided into three segments focused on the markets we serve.











News







News & Events










Actuant elects Richard Holder as new director





The Board of Directors has elected Richard Holder to its Board, effective immediately.



 READ MORE











Enerpac Integrated Solutions changes its name to Heavy Lifting Technology





The new  name better represents the safe, innovative, heavy lifting solution that Enerpac provide their customers.



 READ MORE








Actuant publishes 2016 Annual Report





The 2016 Actuant Annual Report is now available.



READ MORE



View the Proxy/Notice of Annual Shareholder Meeting



READ MORE







Investors




Investors






INVESTOR RESOURCES


INVESTOR NEWS& EVENTS


FINANCIAL REPORTS




PRESENTATIONS


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


ATU FACT SHEET















Our Business Segments












ENERGY SEGMENT Whether oil, gas, or nuclear, on or off-shore, these industries value safety and have no room for downtime. That's why we deliver safe, reliable connections for these vital systems with innovative joint integrity products and services, extreme-duty synthetic ropes and umbilicals, and vessel mooring solutions.




ENGINEERED SOLUTIONS SEGMENT OEMs trust our engineering expertise for precision motion control solutions; specialty power transmission systems, and instrumentation and displays for rugged equipment.  We supply these safe and reliable solutions to some of the most demanding end markets including heavy duty truck, agriculture, specialty vehicles and medical applications.




INDUSTRIAL SEGMENT The Industrial brands stand ready wherever heavy and precise lifting in industrial, infrastructure, energy, mining, rail, and other rugged environments is needed, and make the safe and accurate movement of some of the largest structures on earth possible. Our products increase productivity and make maintenance and infrastructure work safer and easier to perform.



















 LEARN MORE




 LEARN MORE




 LEARN MORE













Careers at Actuant




CHALLENGE. OPPORTUNITY. THE DRIVE TO LEAD - CHOOSE ACTUANT!
 
Actuant provides the advantage of working in a large company with the agility and variety of a small company. Learn about us and explore our career opportunities to see where you can grow and lead.
 
If you're looking for a unique, exciting career with variety and potential for growth, Actuant offers challenges and extraordinary rewards for people on a global scale. Choose opportunity - choose Actuant!
 
We are proud to be an Equal  Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, and Individuals with Disabilities.
 
 




LEARN MORE









ACTUANT CORPORATE OFFICE
N86 W12500 Westbrook Crossing
Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin 53051
United States
800.624.5242 General Information
262.293.1500 Phone




INVESTOR & MEDIA INQUIRIES
Karen Bauer
Communications & Investor Relations Leader
262.293.1562 (office)
414.217.8618 (cell)
karen.bauer@actuant.com










Â© 2015 Actuant Corporation, all rights reserved   |   Terms of Use    |   Privacy Policy

































OpenText Actuate Analytics and Reporting












































Products
iHub, Trial EditionAnalytics DesignersiHubBig Data AnalyticsCustomer Communication Suite
Solutions

By IndustryeCommerce and RetailEducationEnergy and UtilitiesFinancial ServicesGovernment - USGovernment - InternationalHealthcareISVsManufacturingTelco
By AreaAccessibilityCCMCustomer-Facing ApplicationsECM MigrationOEM
Company
BlogBuzzEventsFor InvestorsLeadershipCareersGlobal ContactsCustomers
Partners
OEMsResellersSystems IntegratorsTechnology AlliancesTraining and ConsultingEnrollLocate a PartnerOpenText Analytics Adopters
Resources

ServicesFor DevelopersProfessional ServicesOpenText Analytics WorkshopsTraining CenterSupportContacts
DownloadsProduct DownloadsProduct DocumentationDemosVideos and PodcastsWhite PapersWeb SeminarsCCM Insights BlogBooks
Developers
 



 





Contact
See
Try





Contact Us



										Phone: +1-650-645-3000 
										Toll Free Phone: +1-888-422-8828
Send us a message
Global Contacts


























Like or Share this page

Send to a friend or colleague








Tweet



Follow @OT_Analytics



Tweets by @OT_Analytics


































 Learn MoreAdvanced AnalyticsFor Business AnalystsPowerful, Easy-to-Use Predictive Business Analytics for Big DataBig Data Analytics turns big data into business intelligence in order to optimize marketing strategies, predict customer behavior and closing cycles, analyze key business processes, and more. By using personalized business analytics, your company will gain valuable customer insights. Whether you are a business analyst or a power user who wants realistic insight about your business and needs to analyze data from multiple sources to understand correlations between your business drivers—the vital parts of your business that drive its success and growth—check out Big Data Analytics: the preferred business solution for analyzing and processing big data.Embedded Analytics and Data VisualizationDeliver Built-In Analytic Capabilities for Your Data-Driven AppsEmbedded Analytics is the new competitive advantage. Applications with embedded analytics help connect organizations and consumers to data, creating new business opportunities and innovative ways for users to interact meaningfully and efficiently with their information. With smarter, more contextually aware data-driven apps and devices, end consumers benefit from having on-demand access to relevant, actionable intelligence tailored to support specific tasks at hand. We help businesses of all sizes become more data-driven, giving them the tools to tap into new data sources, design smarter customer apps and campaigns, and deploy customized visualizations.Customer Communications ManagementContent Retrieval, Transformation, Delivery, Accessibility, and ArchivingOpenText offers a simplified solution to support the entire lifecycle of customer communications management (CCM) and personalized output. OpenText CCM solves the problem of high volume content retrieval, composition, delivery, and archiving for large enterprises.Let OpenText help with your business’ CCM—the archiving, storing, distributing, and managing of high-volume transaction output (HVTO). We streamline and consolidates these strategies, methods, and tools for information management. For Developers and OEMsIf you are an Open Source BIRT developer or someone interested in learning about the BIRT development environment, please check out the BIRT Developer Center: the definitive resource for all things BIRT.Learn how to design anddeploy BIRT ApplicationsVisit BIRT Developer CenterLearn, share, and connectwith other BIRT usersJoin the CommunityFree Hands-On WorkshopRegister for a complimentary one-day interactive, hands-on workshop that dives deep into enterprise-class tools for designing, deploying, and displaying compelling data visualizations.Join us in a city near youThe Vision of BIRTWith more than 3.5 million developers supporting BIRT projects, are you ready to know more about what BIRT can do for you?Check out more videosOpenText Actuate Information Hub, Trial EditionThe free way to evaluate our enterprise iHub deployment platform.Download NowLearn MoreEventsAnalyst OpinionsPress ReleasesWeb SeminarsWhite PapersDemos




Products
Partners
Developers
Support
Company





Contact Us
+1-888-422-8828
Worldwide Offices
 
United States 


AP
CN
FR
GER
JP
UK
US







Terms & Conditions
Privacy Statement
Copyright Policy













Subscribe to OpenText Newsletter

© 2015 OpenText Corp. All Rights Reserved.





























































Actua Corp Advertising (NAS:ACTA)  

























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾

Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾

Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 



















 ACTA- NAS (USA) Also traded in: GermanyActua Corp




Currently 1/5



Business Predictability Rank: 1-Star Back Testing Results:Average gain of all 1-Star stocks: 1.1% per year.% of Stocks that are in still loss if held for 10yrs: 45%.Read more: What is Predictability Rank?Performances of real portfolio
Top Ranked Predictable Companies
 
$13.23     0.08(0.56%) Volume: 78,592  11:49AM EDTAvg Vol (1m): 166,218
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 1 Severe Warning Sign with NAS:ACTA. Click here to check it out.  







Market Cap :
444.47 M
Enterprise Value :
377.01 M
P/E(TTM) :
6.62
P/B :
1.38

















$13.23 (1y: +32%)



+ Add to Portfolio
Email Alerts
Stock PDFRSSWebsite FilingsDownloadBatch DownloadManual of Stocks™ Web APPManual of Stocks™Sorry. Only PremiumPlus Member can access this feature.Free Trial





This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





NAS:ACTA has been successfully added to your Stock Email Alerts list.
You can manage your stock email alerts here.




NAS:ACTA has been removed from your Stock Email Alerts list.



Please enter Portfolio Name for new portfolio.


SummaryGuru Trades30-Y FinancialsAnalysisDCFInteractive ChartDividendInsiderOwnershipHeadlinesCompareChecklistDefinitions


	Switch to:
	






















Fundamental

Altman Z-Score


Beneish M-Score


Book Value per Share


Dividends per Share


E10


Earnings per Share (Diluted)


EBITDA per Share


Enterprise Value


EPS without NRI


FFO per Share


Financial Strength


Float Percentage Of Total Shares Outstanding


Free Cash Flow per Share


Insider Ownership


Institutional Ownership


Market Cap (M)


Net Cash per Share


Net Current Asset Value


Net-Net Working Capital


Operating Cash Flow per Share


Owner Earnings per Share (TTM)


Piotroski F-Score


Predictability Rank


Profitability


Revenue per Share


Scaled Net Operating Assets


Short Interest


Short Percentage of Float


Tangible Book per Share


Total Debt per Share




Valuation Ratio

3-Year Average Share Buyback Ratio


Asset Turnover


Cash Conversion Cycle


Cash-to-Debt


COGS-to-Revenue


Current Ratio


Days Inventory


Days Payable


Days Sales Outstanding


Debt-to-Asset


Debt-to-Equity


Earnings Yield %


Earnings Yield (Joel Greenblatt) %


Effective Interest Rate on Debt %


Equity-to-Asset


EV-to-EBIT


EV-to-EBITDA


EV-to-Revenue


Forward PE Ratio


Forward Rate of Return (Yacktman) %


Goodwill-to-Asset


Gross-Profit-to-Asset %


Interest Coverage


Inventory Turnover


Inventory-to-Revenue


LT-Debt-to-Total-Asset


PB Ratio


PE Ratio


PE Ratio


PE Ratio without NRI


PEG Ratio


Price-to-Free-Cash-Flow


Price-to-Operating-Cash-Flow


Price-to-Owner-Earnings


Price-to-Tangible-Book


PS Ratio


Quick Ratio


Return-on-Tangible-Asset


Return-on-Tangible-Equity


ROA %


ROC %


ROC (Joel Greenblatt) %


ROE %


ROIC %


Shiller PE Ratio


Short Ratio


Sloan Ratio %


WACC %




Profitability

FCF Margin %


Gross Margin %


Net Interest Margin (Bank Only) %


Net Margin %


Operating Margin %




Price

Earnings Power Value (EPV)


Graham Number


Intrinsic Value: DCF (Earnings Based)


Intrinsic Value: DCF (FCF Based)


Intrinsic Value: Projected FCF


Margin of Safety % (DCF Earnings Based)


Median PS Value


Net Cash per Share


Peter Lynch Fair Value




Dividends

3-Year Dividend Growth Rate


5-Year Dividend Growth Rate


5-Year Yield-on-Cost %


Dividend Payout Ratio


Dividend Yield %


Dividend-Payout-to-FFO


Forward Dividend Yield %




Income Statement

Advertising


Cost of Goods Sold


Credit Losses Provision


Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization


EBIT


EBITDA


EPS (Basic)


EPS (Diluted)


Fees and Other Income


Gross Profit


Interest Expense


Interest Income


Net Income


Net Income (Continuing Operations)


Net Income (Discontinued Operations)


Net Interest Income


Net Investment Income


Net Policyholder Benefits/Claims


Non Interest Income


Non-Recurring Items


Operating Income


Other Income (Expense)


Other Noninterest Expense


Other Operating Expense


Policy Acquisition Expense


Pre-Tax Income


Preferred Dividends


Research & Development


Revenue


Selling, General, & Admin. Expense


Shares Outstanding (Diluted Average)


SpecialCharges


Tax Expense


Tax Provision


Total Premiums Earned




Balance Sheet

Accounts Payable & Accrued Expense


Accounts Receivable


Accumulated Depreciation


Additional Paid-In Capital


Buildings And Improvements


Capital Lease Obligation


Capital Surplus


Cash And Cash Equivalents


Cash and cash equivalents


Cash, Cash Equivalents, Marketable Securities


Common Stock


Construction In Progress


Current Portion of Long-Term Debt


Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs


Equity Investments


Fixed Maturity Investment


Future Policy Benefits


Goodwill


Gross Property, Plant and Equipment


Intangible Assets


Inventories, Finished Goods


Inventories, Other


Inventories, Raw Materials & Components


Inventories, Work In Process


Land And Improvements


Long-Term Debt & Capital Lease Obligation


Marketable Securities


Money Market Investments


Net Loan


Other Assets for Banks


Other Current Assets


Other Current Liabilities


Other Liabilities for Banks


Other Long Term Assets


Other Long-Term Liabilities


Paid-In Capital


Policyholder Funds


Preferred Stock


Property, Plant and Equipment


Retained Earnings


Securities & Investments


Shares Outstanding (EOP)


Short-term investments


Total Assets


Total Current Assets


Total Current Liabilities


Total Deposits


Total Equity


Total Inventories


Total Liabilities


Treasury Stock


Unearned Premiums


Unpaid Loss & Loss Reserve




Cashflow statement

Capital Expenditure


Cash Flow for Dividends


Cash Flow from Discontinued Operations


Cash Flow from Financing


Cash Flow from Investing


Cash Flow from Operations


Cash Flow from Others


Cash From Discontinued Investing Activities


Cash From Other Investing Activities


Change In Inventory


Change In Receivables


Change In Working Capital


Cumulative Effect Of Accounting Change


Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization


FFO


Free Cash Flow


Net Change in Cash


Net Foreign Currency Exchange Gain


Net Income From Continuing Operations


Net Intangibles Purchase And Sale


Net Issuance of Debt


Net Issuance of Preferred Stock


Net Issuance of Stock


Purchase Of Business


Purchase Of Investment


Purchase Of Property, Plant, Equipment


Sale Of Business


Sale Of Investment


Sale Of Property, Plant, Equipment


Stock Based Compensation








 



		Actua Corp  (NAS:ACTA)   Advertising: $0.0 Mil  (As of Mar. 2017)




=GURUF("NAS:ACTA","Advertising")





Actua Corp's promotion and advertising for the quarter that ended in Mar. 2017 was $0.0 Mil.






Historical Data
* All numbers are in millions except for per share data and ratio. All numbers are in their local exchange's currency.




Download



						* Premium members only.
						





Actua Corp Annual Data




Dec07
Dec08
Dec09
Dec10
Dec11
Dec12
Dec13
Dec14
Dec15
Dec16


Advertising















0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00





Actua Corp Quarterly Data




Jun12
Sep12
Dec12
Mar13
Jun13
Sep13
Dec13
Mar14
Jun14
Sep14
Dec14
Mar15
Jun15
Sep15
Dec15
Mar16
Jun16
Sep16
Dec16
Mar17


Advertising













































0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00







Calculation
This is the expense the company spent on promoting an industry, entity, brand, product name, or specific products or services in order to stimulate a desire to buy the entity's products or services.





Headlines

No Headline
















Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK

















