



Board Of Directors｜About Us｜Adways Inc




































JAPAN HQ
CHINA
TAIWAN
KOREA


PHILIPPINES
VIETNAM
USA
R&D

CHINA










MANAGEMENT





Directors


Founder & CEOHaruhisa Okamura






Founder of Adways Group.
                        Founded Adways Agency (Former Adways Inc.) in 2000 and started Adways in 2001.
                        Okamura serves as the company's CEO since its founding in February 2001.




Director, Head of Japan businessAkihiko Nishioka






Joined Adways in 2003 as a new grad. Launched mobile affiliate service Smart-C in 2004.
                        Nishioka became a general manager of Corporate Management in 2006 and executive officer in 2008. Additionally, he became CEO of Adways Ventures in 2008.
                        Since 2010, Nishioka serves as a director and manages Japan business.




Director, Head of global businessNobuyoshi Noda






Joined Adways in 2006 after 5 years of global marketing experiences at Fujifilm Holdings Corporation.
                        Noda engaged in mobile ad business and became the manager in 2009. In 2011, he became an executive officer.
                        Since 2013, Noda serves as a director and manages global business.




Director, Head of New BusinessSho Yamada






Joined Adways in 2007 as a new grad. Launched PC affiliate service JANet and became the product manager in 2009. In 2010, Yamada launched CPI adnetwork AppDriver and became a general manager of new business development. In 2014, he became an executive officer of new business and got promoted to senior executive officer after 2 years.Since June 2016, Yamada now serves as a director of new business.


PAGE TOP


Executive Officers


Senior executive officer of corporate managementYoichi Tanaka






Joined Adways in 2006. Took the lead in capital policy and M&A.
                        Became a general manager of corporate management in 2008.
                        In 2009, he became an executive offcer of corporate management.
                        Since 2011, Tanaka manages finance, accounting, IR and general affairs as a serior executive officer of corporate management.




Senior executive officer of global marketingShingo Kano






Joined Adways in 2007 as a new grad.
                        In 2010, Kano became a division manager of internet business.
                        In 2013, he became an executive officer of advertising.
                        In 2015, Kano is in charge of global marketing and now serves as a senior executive officer.




Executive officer of data businessDie Su






Joined Adways in 2003. Die served as a director (later became a chairman of the board) and CEO of Adways Shanghai R&D Center and director of Adways head office in 2005.
                        In 2014, he became an executive officer of service development.
                        In 2016, Die is now in charge of data business. 




Executive officer of human resource managementYoshiharu Matsushima






Matsushima became a director of Adways in 2004.
                        In 2011 he left the post and in 2012 became an executive officer of HRM&PR. In 2015, Matsushima became an executive officer of human resource management.





























Career｜Adways Inc




































JAPAN HQ
CHINA
TAIWAN
KOREA
INDONESIA
THAILAND
PHILIPPINES

VIETNAM
USA
R&D

CHINA










CAREER









TOKYO
Global Product Director
Detail


TOKYO
Global Sales
Detail


TOKYO
Global Business Development
Detail

































Adways Inc. |  Facebook Marketing Partners























































































Adways Inc.
Adways is a leading mobile marketing solution provider, primarily known for Asia’s largest mobile CPI ad platform “AppDriver” and third-party mobile tracking tool “PartyTrack” used by major app developers worldwide.

Adways Inc.'s Website
Adways Inc.'s Facebook Page


Contact This Partner














About Adways Inc.


Adways is a leading mobile marketing solution provider, primarily known for Asia’s largest mobile CPI ad platform “AppDriver” and third-party mobile tracking tool “PartyTrack” used by major app developers worldwide. Since 2004 when it opened its first overseas office in China, Adways has been aggressively expanding its mobile app distribution network in Asian markets. Now with more than 1,000 employees in 11 countries (spanning Asia and the US), Adways supports app developers worldwide to maximize user acquisition and monetization, and constantly thrives to provide new value to the market.











Adways Inc. Attributes



Specialties


Measurement





Countries


                                                    Japan                                                

                                                    Korea                                                



Languages


                                                English                                            

                                                Indonesian                                            

                                                Japanese                                            
More



Pricing Model


                                                Other                                            




Measurement Product Type


                                                    Basic Attribution                                                










Adways Inc.'s Locations




Adways, inc
38F Sumitomo Fudousan Shinjuku Grand Tower
8-17-1 Nishi-Shinjuku
Shinjuku, Tokyo 1606138
Japan
+81(0)3-5331-6328






Adways China
15F East Ocean Center Tower-2,
No.618 Yan&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#039;an East Rd
Shanghai, Shanghai 200001
China
+86-21-6471-8181






JS ADWAYS MEDIA INC.
21F, No.510
Sec.5 Zhongxiao East Road
Taipei, Taipei 110
Taiwan
+886-2-6638-0188







ADWAYS PHILIPPINES INC.
Unit 103 Energy OPT Bldg. Prime Drive
Madrigal BusinessPark
Ayala Alabang, 1770, Muntinlupa City Philippines:
Philippines
+63-2-846-9173






PT.ADWAYS INDONESIA
UOB PLAZA 22F
JL.MH.Thamrin No.10
Jakarta, Jakarta 10230
Indonesia
+62-21-319-20035






ADWAYS INTERACTIVE, INC.
25 TAYLOR ST
SAN FRANCISCO, California 94012
-
+1-415-852-2180







ADWAYS LABS (THAILAND) CO., LTD.
Ploenchit Road
973 President Tower Unit 10D 10th Floor
Lumpini, Pathumwan, Bangkok 10330
Thailand
+66-2-656-0727






ADWAYS KOREA, INC.
6F, JIHEE Bldg, 824-27, Yeoksam-dong
Gangnam-gu, Seoul 111111
South Korea
+82-70-4420-6699






Adways Vietnam Inc.
16th Floor Gemadept Tower, 6 Le Thanh Ton, Ben Nghe,
Ho Chi Minh, Ho Chi Minh 850000
Vietnam
＋84-8-6255-6829













×
Contact
Contact Facebook Marketing PartnersAdways Inc.



Name*Email*

Ad Account ID*CompanySpecialty

Measurement
Country

Japan


Korea
Subject*Message*CaptchaAgreement*

By submitting this form, you consent to Facebook sharing your information with the Facebook Marketing Partner. You also agree to be contacted by the Facebook Marketing Partner and/or Facebook.*


  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.





















































PartyTrackparty trackUser Acquisition Analytics for GamesPRIVACY POLICYEffective Date: April 9, 2013Adways Interactive, Inc. (“Adways”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information.  This policy describes the ways we collect, store, use and protect your personal information.  You accept this Privacy Policy when you sign up for or use our products, services or any other features, technologies or functionalities offered by us on our website (the “Website”), application or through any other means (collectively the “Services”). We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website.  The revised version will be effective at the time we post it. 

Also, please bear in mind that use of this Website is governed by the Terms of Use and your use of the Party Track service is governed by the Party Track Customer Agreement, both posted on the Website.  As noted in those Terms of Use, although we operate internationally, Adways is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of California.  The servers that host this Website and the Services are located in the United States, and any personal details you provide to us will be processed by Adways in the United States.  Adways expressly excludes any representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to the information available on this Website.  Adways makes no representation about any third-party websites that may be accessed via links from this Website.  By using this Website, you agree that the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of laws principles, will govern all matters between you and Adways with respect to your use of this Website and the Services.  Information We Collect and How We Collect ItIn general, you can visit our Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.  When you visit the Website or use Services, we collect information sent to us by your computer, third-parties, mobile phone or other access device.  This information may include your IP address, device information including but not limited to identifier, name and type, operating system, location, mobile network information and standard web log information, such as your browser type, traffic to and from our site and the pages you accessed on our website.  Further, you should be aware that sections of this Website (including restricted portions of this Website) that allow for the submission of personal information (referred to for convenience as “Registration Pages”) contain a function for collecting various pieces of your personal information, which may include your name, address, email address, phone number(s), credit card or account information, company, industry, information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services, and any other information that you decide to provide us with.  We only collect your personal information if you submit the information to us for such purposes as registering for the use of certain services or restricted portions of this Website and/or the Services or other subscription websites operated by Adways, completion of surveys, submitting applications for employment, product or service purchases, or requests for information, products, or services.  For your information, through certain technologies employed by this Website and/or the Services we also collect non-personally identifiable information about you.  For more details about this type of data collection, please refer to the section below on cookies.

If you open an account or use this Website or the Services, we may collect the following types of information:

•	Contact information - your name, address, phone, email, “app store” login information, and other similar information.
•	Financial information – PayPal account email or other payment processing information.

When you use this Website or the Services, we collect information about your transactions and your other activities on our website, application or when using the Services, and we may collect information about your computer or other access device for analytic and fraud prevention purposes. 

You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by third parties such as social media sites (such as Facebook and Twitter) or “app stores” (such as Google Play or iTunes).  The information we have access to varies by site and is controlled by your privacy settings on that site and your authorization.  By associating an account managed by a third party with your Party Track account and authorizing Adways to have access to this information, you agree that Adways may collect, store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

To protect your security and privacy, we require that you (as opposed to a third party on your behalf) enter the personal information that we collect and that the information be current, although Adways disclaims any legal duty to verify the accuracy of any personal data that you provide to Adways.  In order to help protect you from fraud and misuse of your personal information, we may collect information about your use and interaction with our website, application or the Services. For example, we may evaluate your computer, mobile phone or other access device to identify any malicious software or activity that may affect the availability of the Services.

You are free to access the personal information we have on file by contacting our Customer Service department by email at hello@adways.it.In addition, at any time you can request that we modify or delete your personal information by sending an email to us at hello@adways.it.with the words “UPDATE MY INFORMATION” in the subject line.  Please be aware that, to protect your security and privacy, Adways may take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to making changes to your personal information.  For your information, please note that it is our practice to monitor and in some cases record calls for staff training and quality assurance purposes.How We Use the Information We Collect and Who We Share It With         
Unless otherwise specified herein, Adways reserves the right to compile, save, use within the scope of our activities, and analyze any and all data about you (contact and personal data, use history, etc.) that we collect from you through the Website or the Services.  We use the personal information about you that you provide to us for our internal operational purposes such as: (i) responding to your requests for information or materials; (ii) processing and tracking payments to be credited to your Party Track account; (iii) processing payments; (iv) customizing, measuring, and improving the Services and the content and layout of our Website and applications; (v) contacting you; (vi) resolving disputes, collecting fees, and troubleshooting problems; (vii) assessing your application for a position with Adways or an entity related to Adways; (viii) conducting internal analyses such as surveys and market research; (ix) processing and completing orders; (x) administering your account; and (xi) administering and developing our business relationship with you or the company you represent.  We also use your personal information to communicate with you, such as, for example, to provide you with administrative communications regarding your account, newsletters, press releases, or information relating to products, offers, or programs that may be of interest to you.

Adways has a general policy of not disclosing your personal information to third parties unless you have consented to such sharing.  However, we may share the personal information about you that you provide to us with trusted companies we have hired or partnered with to provide services for us, such as sending out our newsletters, fulfilling orders you submit, collecting and processing information or payments on our behalf, or other actions otherwise necessary to provide the Services to you.  These companies are contractually bound to use personal information that we share with them only to perform the services we have hired or partnered with them to provide.  Among the companies whose services we employ may be companies that help us deliver online advertisements such as banner ads.  These companies may collect and use information you provide to us to better understand the offers, promotions, and types of advertising that are most appealing to our customers.  After the information is collected by these third parties, it is aggregated so it is not personally identifiable or tied to you or any other user.  If you would prefer that these companies not collect your information, please email hello@adways.it.We may also share your personal information in the event that the business of Adways is transferred to another entity by way of merger, sale of the company’s assets, or otherwise.  If you consent to sharing of your personal information, we may share your information with Adways related entities and selected third parties so that they may provide you with or contact you regarding information and materials that may be of interest to you.  Please refer to the section below on opting in and out. We may also collect and group demographic and preferences information, responses to surveys and other personal or non-personal information that we collect from you into an aggregate, non-personally identifiable form for disclosure to our existing or potential business partners, affiliates, sponsors or other third parties.  However, please be assured that this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors to the Website or users of the Services.

From time to time, we may collect general, non-personal, statistical information and data analytics based on your or a third-party’s use of this Website or the Services, such as how frequently someone uses the Services, how many and what kinds of clicks occur on hyperlinks, or how many visitors visit a specific page on the Website, how long they stay on that page and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on.  We collect this information through the use of “cookies” and other tracking technologies, which are discussed in greater detail below in the section on cookies.  We collect this information in order to determine which areas of the Website and Services are most popular and to enhance the Website and Services.  As with other aggregated data, we may disclose such data to our existing or potential business partners, affiliates, sponsors or other third parties, but this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors to the Website or users of the Services.Personalized URL LinksOn occasion, we may personalize and customize websites for certain users.  Invitations to visit these customized websites will generally be sent to you via an email containing a personalized URL, a notice on a registration page, or in response to you logging on to a certain portion of this Website. If you are invited to visit one of these sites, you may find it customized with references to products and/or services that we believe may be of interest to you based on your previous interactions with Adways and on information you have provided to us.  While you are visiting these websites, we may collect tracking or other non-personally identifiable information about your visit to better tailor the site to your interests.  If you do not want your information to be collected in this way, please do not accept the invitation to visit these sites.Children’s Information and COPPAWe do not knowingly collect personal information on children.  The content of our website and the products and services available are not intended for, or directed to, children.   If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access our website at any time or in any manner.Use of Cookies and Web BeaconsPlease note that we may use “cookies” – a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive -- to collect certain information about you and your use of our Website and/or the Services, such as IP addresses (the Internet access of a computer), domain names, and the type of computer and operating system being used.  We may also use cookies to identify your computer when you revisit our Website or the Services to, for example, recall your authentication information or to track statistical information related to navigation throughout the Website.  We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies in order to better operate the Website and the Services to enhance your experience.  A session cookie enables certain features of the Website and our service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Website.  If a portion of this Website or the Services requires a password, you are giving us explicit permission to use a persistent cookie, which is a small data file that is generated when, as a registered user of this Website or the Services, you enter your assigned user ID and password to access the password-protected area of the Website or Services.  This file is stored on your computer and enables your browser to access each page that is in the password-protected area.  You may adjust your browser to refuse to accept cookies, remove cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set by editing your web browser preferences or options.  (Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu on your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.)  You do not have to accept all cookies sent to you by this Website; however, depending on the particular cookie you reject, you may not be able to use some features of this Website or the Services.

Please note that linked third-party websites may also use cookies.  We cannot control the use of cookies by these third-party websites.  For example, when you link from this Website to a third-party website, that website may have the ability to recognize that you have come from our Website by using cookies.  If you have any questions about how third-party websites use cookies, you should contact such third parties directly. 

We may also employ software technology known as “web beacons” or “clear GIFs” which helps us keep track of what content on our Website and the Services is effective.  Web beacons are small graphics with a unique identifier that are used to track the online movements of Internet users.  Web beacons are embedded in the web pages you review, so they are not stored on your hard drive.  The web beacons we use do not track or collect any personally identifiable information about you and they are in no way linked to your personally identifiable information.Opting In and OutWhen you submit personal information to us through the Registration Pages on this Website, you may opt in or be opted in to receiving additional information from Adways, Adways related entities, and/or selected third parties at the time of submitting your personal information to us.  If so, you may be added to our list of users who will receive promotional and marketing communications from us, our partners, and/or other third parties. If you initially opt in to receiving such communications and you later decide that you no longer want to receive them, you may opt out of receiving promotional and marketing communications from us and/or our partners and other third parties by emailing us at hello@adways.it.Links to Other SitesFor your convenience, this Website may from time to time include links to third-party sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy policies, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.   Security of Information and DisclosuresAdways uses industry standard security measures to safeguard information concerning, and submitted by, users like you.  Despite the security measures employed by Adways, you should be aware that it is impossible to guarantee absolute security with respect to information sent through the Internet.

Adways will, to the extent possible, control your personal information, and, except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties.  Although we are committed to maintaining the confidentiality of your personal information, if required by law, we reserve the right to disclose such information without first obtaining your consent.Changes to the Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time.  Adways will endeavor to post a notice of any changes to this Privacy Policy for a period of thirty (30) days following any such modifications. Therefore, you are advised to review this Privacy Policy occasionally, or at least every thirty (30) days.  Your continued use of this Website subsequent to Adways’s notice of modification of this Privacy Policy shall constitute your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy. If any term or provision of this Privacy Policy shall be found to be invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, such finding shall not affect the other terms or provisions of this Privacy Policy, or the whole of this Privacy Policy, but such term or provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to render such term or provision enforceable, and the rights and obligations of you and Adways shall be construed and enforced accordingly, preserving to the fullest permissible extent the intent and agreements set forth in this Privacy Policy.  Contacting UsIf you have any questions or concerns relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at hello@adways.it.
Adways Inc. - 首頁 | Facebook
































Facebook電子郵件或電話密碼忘記帳號？註冊首頁關於相片評論影片活動貼文社群建立粉絲專頁社群查看全部2,443 人說這讚2,435 個人正在追蹤18 人造訪過關於查看全部1606138 新宿區 Grand Tower 38F, 8-17-1 Nishi-Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo+81 3-5331-6303adways.net/en網路公司用戶2,443 個讚18 個打卡次更多大家都按讚的專頁Vietnam Airlines UK旅行社TechCrunch新聞媒體網站Fintech HK金融公司此專頁按讚的粉絲專頁Global Mobile Game Confederation [GMGC]地標新宿區Adways Inc.中文(台灣) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隱私政策 · 使用條款 · 廣告 · Ad Choices · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017相片顯示全部評論30 則評論告訴大家你的想法Xiaoha Shusei Hanibuchi · 2015年6月28日good companyYo-hey Takano · 2015年6月29日Keep going ～♪Taku Onuma · 2015年6月28日サイコー！Yusuke Otomo · 2015年6月29日いいですね！Haruhisa Okamura · 2015年6月28日いいねYang InSoo EricYang · 2015年6月29日Adways Good!!!Kim Keunwoo · 2015年7月15日Awesome!!!顯示全部影片Adways Corporate Video5查看全部貼文Adways Inc. 新增了 9 張相片。 · 7月27日 1:53 · 〈EVENT NEWS〉 Adways has booth in ChinaJoy hall W3, right in front of Gate 4 from today, July 27th to 29th! Come and visit Adways!還有 6 張Adways Inc. · 7月20日 20:39 · <EVENT NEWS> ChinaJoy 2017 is coming next week! Adways will be glad to meet you all at our booth #B903 in Hall W3. Come visit us! #ChinaJoy #Adways #AdwaysChina顯示全部貼文Adways Inc. · 7月12日 19:11 · <PRESS RELEASE> Adways’ pre-registration service Yoyaku Top 10, starts a new service for teaser sites ~Uniformed user data management drastically optimizes marketing process for new games~ http://www.adways.net/en/press/adways_en99.htmlAdways' pre-registration service Yoyaku Top 10, starts a new service for teaser sites ~Uniformed user data management drastically optimizes marketing process for new games~【Press Release】Adways' pre-registration service Yoyaku Top 10, starts a new service for teaser sites ~Uniformed user data management drastically optimizes marketing process for new games~adways.netAdways Inc. · 7月3日 19:24 · <EVENT NEWS> ChinaJoy 2017 is coming soon! Meet us at booth #B903 in Hall W3. Come visit Adways!! http://www.adways.net/en/seminar/seminar170727.htmlAdways Inc. 分享了一個粉絲專頁。 · 5月19日 · The subsidiary of Adways, Adways Innovations India has opened their official Facebook page! Please Like and share!Adways Innovations India Pvt. Ltd.網路公司34 個讚Adways Inc. 分享了 Adways Innovations India Pvt. Ltd. 的相片。 · 5月19日 · The subsidiary of Adways, Adways Innovations India has opened their official Facebook page! Please also check today’s press release regarding the double appointment of new Head of Adways Innovations India, Sean Lee and new Managing Director, Amit Gaosandhe. https://www.facebook.com/AdwaysInnovationsIndia/…Adways Innovations India Pvt. Ltd. · 5月18日 · News:  Adways Innovations India has announced the appointment of Sean Lee as a new Head of Adways Innovation India and Amit Gaosandhe as a new Managing Director⋯⋯. Sean’s international business experience and Amit’s domestic business knowledge will generate a synergistic effect for expanding Adways Innovation India’s business. Click here to read more: https://goo.gl/U0ikKr 更多Adways Inc. · 5月17日 · <PRESS RELEASE> Adways selected by Google as an App Attribution Partner ~Strengthening integration of worldwide mobile tracking tool PartyTrack with Google~ https://www.adways.net/en/press/adways_en98.htmlAdways selected by Google as an App Attribution Partner ~Strengthening integration of worldwide mobile tracking tool PartyTrack with Google~【Press Release】Adways selected by Google as an App Attribution Partneradways.netAdways Inc. · 5月9日 · <PRESS RELEASE> Subsidiary of Adways, Bulbit announced the launch of new product, UNICORN, a full automated marketing platform for mobile apps! UNICORN predicts the RTB (Real Time Bidding) value of individual impression offered from SSP (Supply Side Platform) in real time and automatically bids at the optimal value for ad campaigns.  Please see the link below for more information! https://www.adways.net/en/press/adways_en97.htmlFull Automated Marketing Platform UNICORN launches【Press Release】Full Automated Marketing Platform UNICORN launchesadways.netAdways Inc. · 4月23日 · <PUBLICITY NEWS in USA> Adways was featured as the company which is revolutionizing the smartphone-based advertising market in Asia. Please take a look at Adways CEO, Okamura's interview! http://www.theworldfolio.com/…/smartphonebased-advert…/4347/Smartphone-based advertising agency is revolutionizing the Asian marketIn the 19th century there was the train, in the 20th century the automobile, and in the 21st century we have the TV, telephone and internet. Many say that this era is characterized by the emergence of smartphones, which have revolutionized society”…”theworldfolio.comAdways Inc. 更新了封面相片。 · 4月20日 · Adways Inc. 新增了 6 張相片。 · 3月15日 · Come and visit Adways at booth #25 in GMGC! It is right around the corner of the exit of ballroom B. http://en.gmgcongress.com/還有 3 張Adways Inc. 新增了 4 張相片。 · 3月9日 · Come visit Adways at booth #89 in AD:TECH Dehli on March 9th-10th !! https://www.adways.net/en/seminar/seminar170309.htmlAdways Inc. · 3月8日 · <EVENT NEWS> GMGC is coming soon! Meet us at booth #25. Come visit Adways!! http://www.adways.net/en/seminar/seminar170316.htmlAdways Inc. · 3月7日 · <PRESS RELEASE> Adways and DeployGate Partner up for Adways’ pre-registration service Yoyaku Top10 ~ Enabling closed beta test function in Yoyaku Top 10 for Japan ~ Improve your app before the official launch by using Yoyaku Top 10’s new function, closed beta test which includes tester recruitment system and user feedback survey! https://www.adways.net/en/press/adways_en96.htmlAdways and DeployGate Partner up for Adways’ pre-registration service Yoyaku Top10 ~ Enabling closed beta test function in Yoyaku Top 10 for Japan ~【Press Release】Adways and DeployGate Partner up for Adways’ pre-registration service Yoyaku Top10 ~ Enabling closed beta test function in Yoyaku Top 10 for Japan ~adways.netAdways Inc. · 3月6日 · <EVENT NEWS> AD:TECH is approaching really quick! You can find us at booth #89. Come visit Adways!! https://www.adways.net/en/seminar/seminar170309.html查看更多


