Homepage | Amec Foster Wheeler Share Price    View share price info     French  Spanish  About us At a glanceCharityOur visionCorporate governanceCode of Business ConductBrochures and publicationsProjectsOfficesPeopleEventsHistoryOur structure Markets & Services  Markets & Services  Oil, Gas & Chemicals  Upstream  LNG and gas monetization  Midstream  Refining  Chemicals  Power & Process  Nuclear  Renewables  Bioprocess  Conventional Power  Transmission & Distribution  Environment & Infrastructure  Water  Government  Industrial  Pharmaceuticals  Transportation & Infrastructure  Mining   Services Carbon capture and storageCondition assessmentsConsultingConstructionDecommissioningEngineeringEnvironmental servicesNew buildOperations & MaintenanceProject managementSpecialist servicesSupply chain managementSustainability servicesTraining & DevelopmentUS Small Business Program Products Steam generatorsAuxiliary equipmentEnvironmental equipmentAftermarket servicesReplacement partsFired heatersFeatured projects Delivering deepwater Gulf of Mexico production to market Asset support improves production for Shell ONEgas Area “A” Gas Management Programme in Angola to eliminate routine flaring Life of asset services for the Dunlin Platform Sustainability Our approachFoundation of excellencePeopleInnovationDeliveryReporting Careers Talent communityWorking for usSupportRecruitment scamsEarly careers Investors Share priceKey factsRegulatory newsFinancial calendarResults centreInvestor eventsPresentations libraryReport and accountsAnalyst coverageShareholder informationDebt investorsInvestor contactsRecommended offer by John Wood Group PLC Media News releasesIn the newsBlogMultimedia libraryMedia alertsMedia contacts Amec Foster Wheeler to lead new UK nuclear power research initiativeDigital techniques will be used to achieve advances in reactor design Read more  All share offer by John Wood Group PLCShareholders approve the recommended All share offer by John Wood Group for Amec Foster Wheeler Read more  Contract win for Nordgold's Gross Gold mine, RussiaAmec Foster Wheeler's innovative technology to improve production and operating efficiency Read more  EPC contract for one of Australia's largest undeveloped gold depositsSecond major gold project awarded in 12 months reinforces Amec Foster Wheeler’s longstanding global leadership in the development of gold mines Read more Offices   160+ years of history, operating in more than 55 countries and boasting around 36,000 exceptionally talented people throughout our global operations.Sustainability   Through our Resilient World sustainability strategy, we are clearly setting out to solve tomorrow’s natural resource challenges in partnership with our customers, colleagues and suppliers.YouTube More videos Recommended offer by John Wood Group PLC   John Wood Group PLC announced a recommended all-share offer for the entire share capital of Amec Foster Wheeler. Full details of the proposed combination available hereCareers   At Amec Foster Wheeler, people are our greatest asset. With operations in more than 55 countries, we are in a strong position to offer a broad range of career opportunities.Suppliers   Amec Foster Wheeler believes that successful relationship management within our supply chain is fundamental to our delivery of safe and excellent projects.News28 July 2017Amec Foster Wheeler to lead new UK nuclear power research initiative 30 June 2017Update on non-core disposal programme 26 June 2017Amec Foster Wheeler progresses with transformation plan as it completes $170m sale of CFB boiler business 19 June 2017Amec Foster Wheeler wins EPC contract for one of the largest undeveloped gold deposits in Australia 19 June 2017Amec Foster Wheeler wins Nordgold’s Gross Gold mine contract, Russia  More news Events12 September 2017World Nuclear Association Symposium 19 September 2017Power-Gen Asia 2017  More events Tweets by @amec_fw  More Tweets               







Form 8.3 - Amec Foster Wheeler plc – Company Announcement - FT.com















FT Markets Data








Amec Foster Wheeler PLCForm 8.3 - Amec Foster Wheeler plcJul 28 2017 12:09 BSTSource: RNS



RNS Number : 4380M Abbey National Treasury Servs PLC 28 July 2017  

FORM 8.3
 
PUBLIC OPENING POSITION DISCLOSURE/DEALING DISCLOSURE BY 
A PERSON WITH INTERESTS IN RELEVANT SECURITIES REPRESENTING 1% OR MORE
Rule 8.3 of the Takeover Code (the "Code")
 
1.         KEY INFORMATION
 




(a) Full name of discloser:


Abbey National Treasury Services Plc 




(b) Owner or controller of interests and short positions disclosed, if different from 1(a):
     The naming of nominee or vehicle companies is insufficient.  For a trust, the trustee(s), settlor and beneficiaries must be named.


N/A




(c) Name of offeror/offeree in relation to whose relevant securities this form relates:
     Use a separate form for each offeror/offeree


Amec Foster Wheeler plc




(d) If an exempt fund manager connected with an offeror/offeree, state this and specify identity of offeror/offeree:


N/A




(e) Date position held/dealing undertaken:
     For an opening position disclosure, state the latest practicable date prior to the disclosure


27/07/2017




(f)  In addition to the company in 1(c) above, is the discloser making disclosures in respect of any other party to the offer?
     If it is a cash offer or possible cash offer, state "N/A"


NO




 
2.         POSITIONS OF THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE
 
If there are positions or rights to subscribe to disclose in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 2(a) or (b) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security.
 
(a)        Interests and short positions in the relevant securities of the offeror or offeree to which the disclosure relates following the dealing (if any)
 




Class of relevant security:
 







 
 


Interests


Short positions




Number


%


Number


%




(1) Relevant securities owned and/or controlled:








0


0




(2) Cash-settled derivatives:
 


0


0










(3) Stock-settled derivatives (including options) and agreements to purchase/sell:
















 
     TOTAL:


0


0


0


0




 
All interests and all short positions should be disclosed.
 
Details of any open stock-settled derivative positions (including traded options), or agreements to purchase or sell relevant securities, should be given on a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions).
 
(b)        Rights to subscribe for new securities (including directors' and other employee options)
 




Class of relevant security in relation to which subscription right exists:







Details, including nature of the rights concerned and relevant percentages:







 
 
3.         DEALINGS (IF ANY) BY THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE
 
Where there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 3(a), (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security dealt in.
 
The currency of all prices and other monetary amounts should be stated.
 
(a)        Purchases and sales
 




Class of relevant security


Purchase/sale
 


Number of securities


Price per unit




50p Ordinary
 


Purchase


600,000


GBP 4.44




 
 
(b)        Cash-settled derivative transactions
 




Class of relevant security


Product description
e.g. CFD


Nature of dealing
e.g. opening/closing a long/short position, increasing/reducing a long/short position


Number of reference securities


Price per unit




50p Ordinary 
 


Total return swap


Reducing long position


600,000


GBP 4.44




 
 
(c)        Stock-settled derivative transactions (including options)
 
(i)         Writing, selling, purchasing or varying
 




Class of relevant security


Product description e.g. call option


Writing, purchasing, selling, varying etc.


Number of securities to which option relates


Exercise price per unit


Type
e.g. American, European etc.


Expiry date


Option money paid/ received per unit






























 
(ii)        Exercise
 




Class of relevant security


Product description
e.g. call option


Exercising/ exercised against


Number of securities


Exercise price per unit
















 
 




 
(d)        Other dealings (including subscribing for new securities)
 




Class of relevant security


Nature of dealing
e.g. subscription, conversion


Details


Price per unit (if applicable)







 
 










 
 
4.         OTHER INFORMATION
 
(a)        Indemnity and other dealing arrangements
 




Details of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any agreement or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing entered into by the person making the disclosure and any party to the offer or any person acting in concert with a party to the offer:
Irrevocable commitments and letters of intent should not be included.  If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state "none"




None
 




 
(b)        Agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to options or derivatives
 




Details of any agreement, arrangement or understanding, formal or informal, between the person making the disclosure and any other person relating to:
(i)  the voting rights of any relevant securities under any option; or 
(ii) the voting rights or future acquisition or disposal of any relevant securities to which any derivative is referenced:
If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state "none"




None
 




 
(c)        Attachments
 




Is a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions) attached?


NO




 
 




Date of disclosure:


28 July 2017




Contact name:


David Pegg




Telephone number:


020 7756 4134




 
Public disclosures under Rule 8 of the Code must be made to a Regulatory Information Service and must also be emailed to the Takeover Panel at monitoring@disclosure.org.uk.  The Panel's Market Surveillance Unit is available for consultation in relation to the Code's disclosure requirements on +44 (0)20 7638 0129.
 
The Code can be viewed on the Panel's website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk.
 

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  RETLLFIIDEITFID

		 

















 



Amec Foster Wheeler - Wikipedia






















 






Amec Foster Wheeler

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

See also: AMEC (disambiguation)

Amec Foster Wheeler





Type

Public limited company


Traded as
LSE: AMFW NYSE: AMFW


Industry
Engineering and project management


Founded
2014 Amec Foster Wheeler
1982 AMEC plc
1927 Foster Wheeler AG
1848 Matthew Hall


Headquarters
London, United Kingdom



Key people

John Connolly (Chairman)
Jonathan Lewis (CEO)


Revenue
£5,440 million (2016)[1]



Operating income

£300 million (2016)[1]



Net income

£(514) million (2016)[1]



Number of employees

36,000 (2017)[2]


Website
www.amecfw.com


Amec Foster Wheeler plc is a British multinational consultancy, engineering and project management company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.[3] It is focused on the Oil, Gas & Chemicals, Mining, Power & Process and Environment & Infrastructure markets and has offices in over 55 countries worldwide.[4] Roughly a third of its turnover comes from Europe, half from North America and 12% from the rest of the world.[5]
Amec Foster Wheeler shares are publicly traded on the London Stock Exchange and its American Depositary Shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Both trade under the ticker AMFW. Amec Foster Wheeler is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.



Contents


1 History
2 Operations

2.1 Current
2.2 Former operations
2.3 Charity


3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
AMEC was formed from the 1982 amalgamation of Leonard Fairclough & Son (founded 1883) and the William Press Group (founded 1913). In 1988, AMEC went on to acquire Matthew Hall Group.[6] In 1996, AMEC took a 40% stake in Spie Batignolles from Schneider in association with a management buyout.[7] Amec launched the AMEC SPIE brand for engineering services in Europe,[8] a rail construction business AMEC Spie Rail was created, and the remaining construction business was retained as Spie Batignolles.[9] The company announced that it would seek to sell the construction arm of the business Spie Batignolles, and entered negotiations to secure a management buyout of that division;[9][10] the management buyout of the construction arm of Spie was completed in September 2003 with the aid of Barclays Private Equity Finance[11] and later that year Amec took full control of the remaining parts of Spie.[12]
Acquisitions in the new millennium included Ogden Environmental & Energy Services[13] and AGRA Monenco Inc., a North American engineering and services company, both in 2000[14] as well as the U.S. operations and equipment of Lauren Kamtech in 2003.[15] Then in 2004, AMEC was awarded a contract to assist in the reconstruction effort in Iraq, as part of a joint venture with Fluor Corp.[16]
In 2005, AMEC acquired UK-based NNC, a large nuclear consulting company and its subsidiaries, including Ontario-based Nuclear Safety Solutions ('NSS'), the nuclear safety division of OPG, which was spun off when OPG was privatised.[17] The European engineering business, AMEC SPIE, was sold to PAI Partners for €1,040 million in 2006[18][19][20][21] and the European rail business joint venture Amec Spie Rail systems was sold for an estimated £200million in 2007, to Colas Group.[22][23][24]
In 2007, AMEC sold its UK construction arm to Morgan Sindall[25] and in 2008, it sold its internal plant hire division to Speedy Hire[26] before buying project services company Rider Hunt International,[27] North American environmental consulting firm Geomatrix Consultants, Inc., and Slovakian nuclear services company AllDeco.[28] In 2009, AMEC acquired Performance Improvement Group, Journeaux, Bedard & Associates and GRD Limited[29] and in 2010, it continued to expand with the £61.2 m purchase of Entec UK, one of the UK's largest Environmental Consultancies.[30] The company also acquired Australian-based businesses Currie and Brown (Australia)[31] and BurmanGriffiths and acquired a majority stake in S2V Consulting.[32]
In 2011, the company acquired US-based BCI Engineers & Scientists, Inc.,[33] MACTEC, a US-based engineering consultancy company,[34] and Zektin Group, an Australian-based specialist engineering consultancy for the oil and gas and resources industries.[35] In January 2014, AMEC provisionally agreed a £1.9bn takeover of Swiss rival Foster Wheeler.[36] AMEC completed its purchase of Foster Wheeler on 13 November 2014 and simultaneously changed its name to Amec Foster Wheeler plc.[37]
In March 2017, Wood Group announced it would acquire the company for £2.2 billion.[38]
Operations[edit]




Head office of Amec Foster Wheeler in London (on the right)


Current[edit]
Amec Foster Wheeler employs over 40,000 people in more than 55 countries, including Afghanistan, Australia, Azerbaijan, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, India, Kuwait, Qatar, Peru, Poland, Turkey and the United States. The company has three geographic business units covering engineering and project delivery operations - Americas; Northern Europe & Commonwealth of Independent States; Asia, Middle East, Africa & Southern Europe - and one power equipment business unit operating worldwide - The Global Power Group.[39]
Former operations[edit]
AMEC's operations were structured until October 2012 into Natural Resources, Power & Process and Environment & Infrastructure.[40]
Although AMEC's UK construction business has been discontinued, the following construction projects were notable: the Kielder Dam completed in 1982,[41] the Cumberland Infirmary completed in 2001,[42] the M6 Toll completed in 2003,[43] new offices for HM Revenue and Customs at Longbenton completed in 2005,[44] the Docklands Light Railway City Airport extension completed in 2005,[45] the University College London Hospital completed in 2005[46] and the New York Times Building completed in 2007.[47]
Charity[edit]
Amec Foster Wheeler has supported children's charity SOS Children's Villages since 2007, funding educational projects in Asia. Amec Foster Wheeler also funded a green project in the Children's Village in Gwagwalada, Nigeria, enabling houses to become self-sufficient following the installation of solar power and water infrastructure.[48]
See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of oilfield service companies

References[edit]


^ a b c "Annual Results 2016" (PDF). Amec Foster Wheeler. Retrieved 26 April 2017. 
^ "Amec Foster Wheeler at a glance". Amec foster Wheeler. Retrieved 16 April 2017. 
^ "At a glance". AMEC plc. Archived from the original on 5 September 2010. 
^ "At a glance". amecfw.com. Retrieved 17 November 2015. 
^ "Key facts". AMEC plc. Archived from the original on 23 August 2010. Retrieved 4 September 2010. 
^ Notes on Financial Times Actuaries Index 1988 Archived 27 February 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Michael Harrison (21 December 1996), "Amec firmly in Europe with pounds 40m Spie buy", www.independent.co.uk, London: The Independent 
^ "AMEC SPIE Brand Launched Across Continental Europe", www.amec.com, AMEC, 1 July 2003 
^ a b Jay P. Pederson, ed. (2004), "International Directory of Company Histories", www.fundinguniverse.com, St. James Press, 57, pp. 28–31  (Google books)
^ "Amec in talks over Spie Batignolles sale", business.scotsman.com, The Scotsman, 20 May 2003 
^ "Spie Batignolles: History". www.spiebatignolles.fr (in French). Archived from the original on 22 February 2009. 
^ "Exercise Of Option To Acquire Outstanding Shares In Spie And Trading Update", www.amec.com, AMEC, 5 December 2002 
^ Phoenix Business Journal (30 October 2000). "Amec buys Ogden Corp subsidiary". Bizjournals.com. Retrieved 18 April 2011. 
^ AMEC history – 2000 acquisition of AGRA Archived 3 March 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "AMEC acquires Lauren Kamtech’s U.S. operations to enhance project delivery in North America". Amec.com. 2 October 2003. Retrieved 18 April 2011. 
^ Terry Macalister (25 March 2004). "Amec deal saves Government blushes in Iraq". Guardian. UK. Retrieved 18 April 2011. 
^ Amec offers to buy NNC Holdings
^ "Disposal of AMEC SPIE", www.amec.com, AMEC, 27 July 2006 
^ "AMEC plc ("AMEC") Sale of AMEC SPIE", www.amec.com, AMEC, 22 May 2006 
^ Caroline Muspratt (24 November 2005), "Amec sells off Spie and considers splitting remaining group", www.telegraph.co.uk, London: The Telegraph 
^ "AGM TRADING STATEMENT Proposed sale of AMEC SPIE and overall trading on track", www.amec.com, AMEC, 17 May 2006 
^ Ian Fraser (25 February 2007), "Amec sells half of specialist rail arm to French company", www.ianfraser.org, Sunday Herald 
^ Steve Hawkes (19 February 2007), "Amec sells out of rail business", business.timesonline.co.uk, London: The Times 
^ "AMEC to sell stake in rail firm", uk.reuters.com, Reuters, 19 February 2007 
^ Morgan Sindall buys Amec's ailing construction business Building, 4 June 2007
^ Goodman, Eleanor (9 January 2008). "Speedy Hire buys Amec equipment hire arm". Building.co.uk. Retrieved 18 April 2011. 
^ AMEC acquires leading project services company Rider Hunt International Archived 19 February 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Amec buys nuclear firm for £11.1m". Construction News. 22 July 2008. Retrieved 24 February 2013. 
^ Amec buys GRD Builder & Engineer
^ Amec moves to buy Entec Planning Resource, 2 April 2010
^ Harris, James. "AMEC buys Currie & Brown". Mandadeals.co.uk. Retrieved 18 April 2011. 
^ "AMEC Purchases Majority Shareholding In S2V Consulting". Realtimetraders.com. Retrieved 18 April 2011. [permanent dead link]
^ "Amec buys BCI Engineers and Scientists Inc for 20 million cash". Advfn.com. Retrieved 18 April 2011. 
^ Amec completes acquisition of Mactec[permanent dead link] Fox Business, 6 June 2011
^ AMEC to buy Australian firm Zektin Sage Construction
^ Amec offers £1.9bn to buy Swiss rival Foster Wheeler BBC, 13 January 2014
^ "AMEC successfully completes offer for Foster Wheeler". oilvoice. 13 November 2014. Retrieved 27 November 2014. 
^ "Wood Group agrees takeover of rival Amec Foster Wheeler - BBC News". Bbc.co.uk. 1970-01-01. Retrieved 2017-03-13. 
^ "Amec Foster Wheeler". amecfw.com. Retrieved 5 March 2015. 
^ Amec Preliminary Results 2007 Archived 11 September 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Structure information". Sine.ncl.ac.uk. 26 March 2004. Archived from the original on 13 June 2011. Retrieved 18 April 2011. 
^ "Visit Cumbria". Visit Cumbria. Archived from the original on 21 May 2011. Retrieved 18 April 2011. 
^ "Motorway Archive". Iht.org. Archived from the original on 23 June 2009. Retrieved 18 April 2011. 
^ Amec: Public & Private buildings Archived 16 October 2006 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Docklands Light Railway – London City Airport extension now open". Londoncityairport.com. 6 December 2005. Retrieved 18 April 2011. 
^ University College London Hospital wins award Archived 24 January 2007 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "New York Times Project added to National OSHA Partnership with AMEC Americas". Osha.gov. 9 November 2005. Archived from the original on 18 October 2011. Retrieved 18 April 2011. 
^ "Amec Foster Wheeler Partnership with SOS Children". Retrieved 10 July 2015. 


External links[edit]

Amec Foster Wheeler corporate website
Amec Foster Wheeler companies grouped at OpenCorporates





Links to related articles











v
t
e


Construction industry of the United Kingdom






Construction
Economy of the United Kingdom





companies





consultancies
and support
services




AMEC
Amey
Arcadis
Architecture firms
Arup
Atkins

Faithful+Gould


Buro Happold
Capita
CH2M
Cundall
Davis Langdon
Elliott Wood
Expedition Engineering
Flint & Neill
Gifford
Hoare Lea
Interserve
Mace
Mitie
Mott MacDonald
Mouchel
RPS
Scott Wilson
Sweett Group
WSP






house
builders






current




Barratt
Bellway
Berkeley
Bloor
Boot
Bovis
Countryside Properties
Crest Nicholson
Keepmoat
Lend Lease
McCarthy & Stone
Miller
Muir
Persimmon
Redrow
Taylor Wimpey
Telford Homes
United House






defunct




Ashtons
Beazer
Broseley
Bryant Homes
Comben Homes
George Wimpey
Ideal Homes
Jelsons
McLean Homes
Taylor Woodrow
Westbury
William Leech
Wilson Bowden









integrated
construction




Balfour Beatty
BAM Nuttall
Carillion
Cleveland Bridge & Engineering
Clugston
Costain
Galliford Try
Gleeson
Interserve
Kier
Laing O'Rourke
Lend Lease
Linford
Mace
Morgan Sindall
Shepherd
Sir Robert McAlpine
VolkerFitzpatrick
Wates
Willmott Dixon






suppliers






current




Aggregate Industries
Artex
Ashtead
Brogan
Buildbase
Celotex
Cemex UK
Hanson
Hope Cement
HSS Hire
Jewson
Kingspan

Kingspan Off-Site


London Brick
Mero-Schmidlin
Pilkington
RMD Kwikform
Saint Gobain
SIG
Speedy Hire
Tarmac

Tarmac Building Products


Tata Steel Europe
Travis Perkins
Wolseley






defunct




Blue Circle Industries
Redland
RMC Group
Tarmac Group











government and
regulatory bodies



Department for Communities and Local Government
Department for Business, Innovation and Skills
Health & Safety Executive
Local planning authority
Planning Inspectorate
Chief Construction Adviser to UK Government





industry
bodies



British Constructional Steelwork Association
BSRIA
Build UK
Building Research Establishment
Chartered Institute of Building
Civil Engineering Contractors Association
Construction Clients' Group
Construction Industry Council
CIRIA
CITB
Constructing Excellence
Electrical Safety Council
Federation of Master Builders
Home Builders Federation
Institution of Civil Engineers
Institution of Structural Engineers
National Access and Scaffolding Confederation
National Federation of Builders
National Federation of Demolition Contractors
National House Building Council
Refined Bitumen Association
Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors
Scottish Building Federation
SELECT (Electrical Contractors' Association of Scotland)
Society of Construction Arbitrators
Specialist Engineering Contractors Group
Strategic Forum for Construction





sustainability



Association for Environment Conscious Building
BREEAM
Code for Sustainable Homes
EcoHomes
Energy efficiency in British housing
Good Homes Alliance
UK Green Building Council





other



British Construction Industry Awards
Building
Building regulations in the United Kingdom
Building regulations approval
Construction News
Development control in the United Kingdom
New Civil Engineer
Planning permission
Town and country planning in the United Kingdom






 Category










v
t
e


Energy in the United Kingdom








Companies







Coal



Anglo American
Asia Energy
BHP
ENRC
Glencore
Rio Tinto
UK Coal





Oil and gas




Integrated



BP
Royal Dutch Shell





Exploration and
production



Afren
BHP
Cairn Energy
Centrica
Dana Petroleum
Desire Petroleum
Emerald Energy
EnQuest
Essar Energy
Hardy Oil and Gas
JKX Oil & Gas
Melrose Resources
Ophir Energy
Perenco
Premier Oil
Regal Petroleum
Rockhopper Exploration
SOCO International
Star Energy
Tullow Oil





Supply



Greenergy
Murco Petroleum





Support



Abbot Group
AMEC
Ensco
Expro
Hunting
Petrofac
Qserv
Score Group
Weir Group
WesternGeco1
Wood Group








Utilities




Generation and
supply




Integrated



Centrica
EDF Energy1
E.ON UK1
RWE npower1
Scottish Power1
SSE





Generation



Drax Group
Falck Renewables
Horizon Nuclear Power1
International Power
Vattenfall United Kingdom1
Vedanta Resources





Supply



The Co-operative Energy
Ecotricity
ESB International
Extra Energy
Firmus Energy
First Utility
Good Energy
Green Energy
LoCO2 Energy
Opus Energy
Ovo Energy
Phoenix Natural Gas
Telecom Plus








Distribution




Electricity



Electricity North West1
Northern Powergrid1
SP Energy Networks1
SSE Power Distribution
UK Power Networks1
Western Power Distribution1





Gas



Firmus Energy
National Grid
Northern Gas Networks
Phoenix Natural Gas
SGN
Wales & West Utilities1








Transmission




Electricity



National Grid2
Scottish Hydro Electric Transmission
SP Energy Networks1





Gas



National Grid











Other



Aggreko
APX Group
Aquamarine Power
Ecogen
EnServe
Geothermal Engineering
Hi-Gen Power
Mark Group
Wavegen






Companies with headquarters and/or registered office in the UK but no applicable energy operations within the country shown in italics 1Ultimate parent company is not UK-based 2Integrated in the United States, no generation or supply activities in the UK














Energy sources







Coal



Coal Authority
Coal-fired power stations
Coal mines
Coal mining regions
Confederation of UK Coal Producers
Greenhouse gas emissions
History (Miners' strike
National Coal Board)
Open-pit coal mining





Electricity



Association of Electricity Producers
BritNed
East–West Interconnector
Energy switching services
Economy 7
Economy 10
Electricity billing
Green electricity
Grid Trade Master Agreement
HVDC Cross-Channel
HVDC Moyle
HVDC Norway–UK
Isle of Man to England Interconnector
National Grid

Control
Reserve Service


New Electricity Trading Arrangements
Power stations
Timeline of the electricity supply industry





Nuclear



Advanced gas-cooled reactor
Franco–British Nuclear Forum
Magnox
National Nuclear Laboratory
Nuclear Decommissioning Authority
Nuclear Liabilities Fund
Nuclear power stations
Office for Nuclear Regulation
Sellafield
United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority





Oil and gas



BBL Pipeline
Dash for Gas
Forties pipeline system
Fuel protests
Gas infrastructure
Greenhouse gas emissions
Hydrocarbon oil duty
Oil and Gas Authority
National Transmission System
Natural gas fields
Natural gas-fired power stations
North Sea oil
Oil & Gas UK
Oil fields
Oil-fired power stations
Oil infrastructure
Oil refineries
Petroleum revenue tax





Renewables




Biofuels



Biodiesel
Biofuel power stations
National Non-Food Crops Centre
Renewable Fuels Agency
Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation





Geothermal



Geothermal power stations





Hydroelectricity



Hydroelectric power stations
Severn Barrage
Wave farms





Solar power

 



Wind power



List of offshore wind farms
List of onshore wind farms
North Sea Offshore Grid
Wind power in Scotland



















Government and regulation







Organisations



Carbon Trust
Cenex
Committee on Climate Change
Department of Energy and Climate Change
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
Energy Saving Trust
Environment Agency
Office of Gas and Electricity Markets





Legislation and
initiatives



Carbon Emission Reduction Target
Climate Change Act 2008
Climate Change Agreement
Climate Change Levy
Climate Change and Sustainable Energy Act 2006
CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme
Display Energy Certificate
Energy Act 2013
Energy Performance Certificate
Fossil Fuel Levy
Low Carbon Building Programme
National Industrial Symbiosis Programme
Non-Fossil Fuel Obligation
Planning Act 2008
Renewable Heat Incentive
Renewables Obligation
United Kingdom Climate Change Programme
















Non-governmental organisations







Charities and
pressure groups



Ashden Award
BioRegional
Campaign against Climate Change
Centre for Alternative Technology
National Energy Action
Stop Climate Chaos
Tyndall Centre





Industry bodies



Combined Heat and Power Association
Energy Institute
Energy Networks Association
Energy Retail Association
Green Power Forum
RenewableUK
Utilities Intermediaries Association





Research



Centre for Renewable Energy Systems Technology
Energy Technologies Institute
Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research
NaREC
Oil Depletion Analysis Centre
Sunbury Research Centre
UK Energy Research Centre
















Energy conservation






Association for the Conservation of Energy
British Energy Efficiency Federation
Close the Door campaign
Code for Sustainable Homes
Double Glazing & Conservatory Ombudsman Scheme
EcoHomes
Energy efficiency in British housing
Energy Saving Trust (Energy Saving Trust Recommended)
Greenhouse gas emissions
HTB
National Home Energy Rating











 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Petroleum industry






Petroleum
Primary energy









Benchmarks



Argus Sour
Bonny Light
Brent
Dubai
Indonesian
Isthmus-34 Light
Japan Cocktail
OPEC Reference Basket
Tapis
Urals
Western Canadian Select
West Texas Intermediate





Data




Natural gas



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price





Petroleum



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price (of gasoline and diesel)








Exploration



Core sampling
Geophysics
Integrated asset modelling
Petroleum engineering

Reservoir simulation
Seismic to simulation


Petroleum geology
Petrophysics
Reflection seismology (Seismic inversion)
Seismic source





Drilling



Blowout
Completion (Squeeze job)
Differential sticking
Directional drilling (Geosteering)
Drilling engineering
Drilling fluid (invasion)
Drill stem test
Lost circulation
Measurement
Tracers
Underbalanced drilling
Well logging





Production



Petroleum fiscal regime

Concessions
Production sharing agreements


Artificial lift

Pumpjack
Submersible pump (ESP)
Gas lift


Downstream
Enhanced oil recovery (EOR)

Steam injection
Gas reinjection


Midstream
Petroleum product
Pipeline transport
Refining
Upstream
Water injection
Well intervention
XT





History



1967 Oil Embargo
1973 oil crisis
1979 energy crisis
1980s oil glut
1990 oil price shock
2000s energy crisis
2010s oil glut
Founders
History of the petroleum industry
Nationalization
OPEC
GECF
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Oil market timelines





Provinces
and fields



List of natural gas fields
List of oil fields
East Midlands Oil Province
East Texas
Gulf of Mexico
Niger Delta
North Sea
Permian Basin
Persian Gulf
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field
Russia
Venezuela
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin





Other topics



Acronyms
Oil shale gas
Peak oil

mitigation
timing


People
Petrocurrency
Petrodollar recycling
Shale gas
Swing producer
Unconventional oil

heavy crude
oil sands
oil shale















Companies and organisations








Major petroleum
companies





Supermajors



BP
Chevron
Eni
ExxonMobil
Royal Dutch Shell
Total






National oil
companies




ADNOC (UAE)
CNOOC (China)
CNPC (China)
Ecopetrol (Colombia)
Gazprom (Russia)
Iraq National Oil Company
Indian Oil Corporation
KazMunayGas (Kazakhstan)
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation
Lotos (Poland)
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
NIOC (Iran)
NISOC (Iran)
OGDCL (Pakistan)
ONGC (India)
PDVSA (Venezuela)
PKN Orlen (Poland)
Pemex (Mexico)
Pertamina (Indonesia)
PetroBangla (Bangladesh)
Petrobras (Brazil)
PetroChina
Petronas (Malaysia)
Petrovietnam
PTT (Thailand)
Qatar Petroleum
Rosneft (Russia)
Saudi Aramco (Saudi Arabia)
Sinopec (China)
SOCAR (Azerbaijan)
Sonangol (Angola)
Sonatrach (Algeria)
Statoil (Norway)
TPAO (Turkey)
YPF (Argentina)





Energy trading



Glencore
Gunvor
Mercuria
Naftiran Intertrade
Trafigura
Vitol





Other



Anadarko
Apache
BG Group
Cenovus Energy
Compañía Española de Petróleos
ConocoPhillips
Devon
Galp Energia
Hess
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Lukoil
Marathon Oil
Nippon Oil
Occidental
OMV
Port Harcourt Refining Company
Reliance Industries
Repsol
Suncor Energy
Surgutneftegas
TNK-BP
Tullow Oil
Tüpraş









Major services
companies




Amec Foster Wheeler
Baker Hughes
Cameron
CGG
CH2M Hill
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
China Oilfield Services
Enbridge
Ensco
GE Oil & Gas
Halliburton
Nabors Industries
Naftiran Intertrade
National Oilwell Varco
Petrofac
Saipem
Schlumberger
Snam
Subsea 7
TransCanada
Transocean
Weatherford
Wood Group





Other



International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
International Energy Agency
International Petroleum Exchange
OPEC
Society of Petroleum Engineers
World Petroleum Council














Category
 Commons












v
t
e


FTSE 100 ←  FTSE 250 companies of the United Kingdom






3i Infrastructure
AA
Aberdeen Asset Management
Aberforth Smaller Companies Trust
Acacia Mining
Aggreko
Aldermore Group
Alliance Trust
Amec Foster Wheeler
Ascential
Ashmore Group
Assura
Auto Trader Group
Aveva
Balfour Beatty
Bankers Investment Trust
Barr, A.G.
BBA Aviation
Beazley Group
Bellway
Berendsen
Berkeley Group Holdings
Bank of Georgia
Big Yellow Group
B & M European Retail Value
Bodycote
Booker Group
Bovis Homes Group
Brewin Dolphin Holdings
British Empire Trust
Britvic
BTG plc
Cairn Energy
Caledonia Investments
Capital & Counties Properties
Card Factory
Carillion
Centamin
Cineworld
City of London Investment Trust
Clarkson
Close Brothers Group
CLS Holdings
Coats
Cobham
Computacenter
Countryside Properties
Cranswick
Crest Nicholson
CYBG
Daejan Holdings
Dairy Crest
Dechra Pharmaceuticals
Derwent London
Dignity
Diploma
Domino's Pizza
Drax Group
Dunelm Group
Edinburgh Investment Trust
Electra Private Equity
Electrocomponents
Elementis
Entertainment One
Essentra
Esure
Euromoney Institutional Investor
Evraz
F&C Commercial Property Trust
F&C Global Smaller Companies
FDM Group
Ferrexpo
Fidelity China Special Situations
Fidelity European Values
Fidessa Group
Finsbury Growth & Income Trust
FirstGroup
Fisher, James & Sons
Foreign & Colonial Investment Trust
Galliford Try
GCP Infrastructure Investments
Genesis Emerging Markets Fund
Genus
Go-Ahead Group
Grafton Group
Grainger
Great Portland Estates
Greencoat UK Wind
Greencore
Greene King
Greggs
GVC Holdings
Halfords Group
Halma
Hansteen Holdings
HarbourVest Global Private Equity
Hastings Group
Hays
HICL Infrastructure Company
Hikma Pharmaceuticals
Hill & Smith
Hiscox
Hochschild Mining
Homeserve
Howdens Joinery
Hunting
Ibstock
IG Group Holdings
IMI
Inchcape
Indivior
Inmarsat
Intermediate Capital Group
International Public Partnerships
Intu Properties
Investec
IP Group
IWG
Jardine Lloyd Thompson
JD Sports
John Laing Group
John Laing Infrastructure Fund
JPMorgan American Investment Trust
JPMorgan Emerging Markets Investment Trust
JPMorgan Indian Investment Trust
Jupiter Fund Management
Just Eat
Just Group
KAZ Minerals
Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate
Kier Group
Ladbrokes Coral
Lancashire Holdings
LondonMetric Property
Man Group
Marshalls
Marston's
McCarthy & Stone
Meggitt
Melrose Industries
Mercantile Investment Trust
Metro Bank
Millennium & Copthorne Hotels
Mitchells & Butlers
Mitie
Moneysupermarket.com Group
Monks Investment Trust
Morgan Advanced Materials
Murray International Trust
National Express
NB Global
NewRiver
NEX
NMC Health
Northgate
Nostrum Oil & Gas
Ocado Group
OneSavings Bank
P2P Global Investments
PageGroup
Paragon Group of Companies
PayPoint
Paysafe
Pennon Group
Perpetual Income & Growth Investment Trust
Pershing Square Holdings
Personal Assets Trust
Petra Diamonds
Petrofac
Pets at Home
Phoenix Group Holdings
Playtech
Polar Capital Technology Trust
Polymetal International
Polypipe
PZ Cussons
QinetiQ
Rank Group
Rathbone Brothers
Redefine International
Redrow
Renewables Infrastructure Group
Renishaw
Restaurant Group
Rightmove
RIT Capital Partners
Riverstone Energy
Rotork
RPC Group
Safestore
Saga
Sanne
Savills
Scottish Investment Trust
Senior
Serco
Shaftesbury
Shawbrook Bank
SIG plc
Sirius Minerals
Smith (DS)
Softcat
Sophos
Spectris
Spirax-Sarco Engineering
Spire Healthcare
Sports Direct
SSP Group
Stagecoach Group
St. Modwen Properties
Stobart
SuperGroup
Syncona
Synthomer
TalkTalk Group
Tate & Lyle
TBC Bank
Ted Baker
Telecom Plus
Temple Bar Investment Trust
Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust
Thomas Cook Group
TP ICAP
Travis Perkins
Tritax Big Box REIT
TR Property Investment Trust
Tullow Oil
UBM
UDG Healthcare
UK Commercial Property Trust
Ultra Electronics Holdings
Unite Group
Vectura Group
Vedanta Resources
Vesuvius
Victrex
Virgin Money
Weir Group
Wetherspoon (J D)
W H Smith
William Hill
Witan Investment Trust
Wizz Air
Woodford Patient Capital Trust
Wood Group
Workspace Group
Worldwide Healthcare Trust
ZPG















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Amec_Foster_Wheeler&oldid=788782393"					
Categories: Companies established in 1982Construction and civil engineering companies of the United KingdomCompanies listed on the London Stock ExchangeMining engineering companiesOilfield services companiesEngineering consulting firms1982 establishments in the United KingdomCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 French-language sources (fr)All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2016Use dmy dates from April 2011OpenCorporates groupings 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 3 July 2017, at 13:11.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








		Form 8.3 - Amec Foster Wheeler Plc - RNS - London Stock Exchange

 






 




 



Regulatory Story


Go to market news section












Magnetar Capital Partners LP  -     
Form 8.3 - Amec Foster Wheeler Plc
Released 15:15 24-Jul-2017













Form 8.3 - Amec Foster Wheeler Plc
FORM 8.3
PUBLIC OPENING POSITION DISCLOSURE/DEALING DISCLOSURE BY
A PERSON WITH INTERESTS IN RELEVANT SECURITIES REPRESENTING 1% OR MORE
Rule 8.3 of the Takeover Code (the “Code”)
1.         KEY INFORMATION


(a) Identity of the person whose positions/dealings are being disclosed:
Magnetar Capital Partners LP


(b) Owner or controller of interests and short positions disclosed, if different from 1(a):
     The naming of nominee or vehicle companies is insufficient
N/A


(c) Name of offeror/offeree in relation to whose relevant securities this form relates:
     Use a separate form for each offeror/offeree
Amec Foster Wheeler Plc


(d) If an exempt fund manager connected with an offeror/offeree, state this and specify identity of offeror/offeree:
N/A


(e) Date position held/dealing undertaken:
July 21, 2017


(f)  Has the discloser previously disclosed, or are they today disclosing, under the Code in respect of any other party to this offer?
Yes – John Wood Group Plc


2.         POSITIONS OF THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE
(a)        Interests and short positions in the relevant securities of the offeror or offeree to which the disclosure relates following the dealing (if any)


Class of relevant security:
50p ordinary
 ISIN: GB000282623



Interests
Short positions


Number
%
Number
%









(1) Relevant securities owned and/or controlled:






(2) Derivatives (other than options):
10,424,824
2.67%




(3) Options and agreements to purchase/sell:







     TOTAL:
10,424,824
2.67%




All interests and all short positions should be disclosed.
Details of any open derivative or option positions, or agreements to purchase or sell relevant securities, should be given on a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions).
(b)        Rights to subscribe for new securities (including directors’ and other executive options)


Class of relevant security in relation to which subscription right exists:



Details, including nature of the rights concerned and relevant percentages:



If there are positions or rights to subscribe to disclose in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 2(a) or (b) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security.
3.         DEALINGS (IF ANY) BY THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE
(a)        Purchases and sales


Class of relevant security
Purchase/sale
Number of securities
Price per unit








 (b)       Derivatives transactions (other than options)


Class of relevant security
Product description
e.g. CFD
Nature of dealing
e.g. opening/closing a long/short position, increasing/reducing a long/short position
Number of reference securities
Price per unit


Ordinary shares
Swap
Increasing a long position
200,000
4.4530


 (c)       Options transactions in respect of existing securities
(i)         Writing, selling, purchasing or varying


Class of relevant security
Product description e.g. call option
Writing, purchasing, selling, varying etc.
Number of securities to which option relates
Exercise price per unit
Type
e.g. American, European etc.
Expiry date
Option money paid/ received per unit












(ii)        Exercising


Class of relevant security
Product description
e.g. call option
Number of securities
Exercise price per unit








(d)        Other dealings (including subscribing for new securities)


Class of relevant security
Nature of dealing
e.g. subscription, conversion
Details
Price per unit (if applicable)








The currency of all prices and other monetary amounts should be stated.
Where there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 3(a), (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security dealt in.
4.         OTHER INFORMATION
(a)        Indemnity and other dealing arrangements


Details of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any agreement or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing entered into by the person making the disclosure and any party to the offer or any person acting in concert with a party to the offer:
If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state “none”



 None


(b)        Agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to options or derivatives


Details of any agreement, arrangement or understanding, formal or informal, between the person making the disclosure and any other person relating to:
(i)  the voting rights of any relevant securities under any option; or 
(ii) the voting rights or future acquisition or disposal of any relevant securities to which any derivative is referenced:
If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state “none”


None


(c)        Attachments


Is a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions) attached?
No


   


Date of disclosure:
July 24, 2017


Contact name:
Julianna Ethell


Telephone number:
847-905-4688


Public disclosures under Rule 8 of the Code must be made to a Regulatory Information Service and must also be emailed to the Takeover Panel at monitoring@disclosure.org.uk.  The Panel’s Market Surveillance Unit is available for consultation in relation to the Code’s dealing disclosure requirements on +44 (0)20 7638 0129.
The Code can be viewed on the Panel’s website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk.



Close


 

 















 






 



London Stock Exchange plc is not responsible for and does not check content on this Website. Website users are responsible for checking content. Any news item (including any prospectus) which is addressed solely to the persons and countries specified therein should not be relied upon other than by such persons and/or outside the specified countries. Terms and conditions, including restrictions on use and distribution apply.



©2014 London Stock Exchange plc. All rights reserved



 
Form 8.3 - Amec Foster Wheeler Plc - RNS











 





 
Form 8.3 - Amec Foster Wheeler plc




















































Toggle navigation




 Login
 Sign-up







                        HOME
                    



                            MY NEWSBOARD
                        



                            HOW IT WORKS
                        



                            LOGIN
                        



                            REGISTER
                        







Go














Form 8.3 - Amec Foster Wheeler plc
                                
                            


 Jul 07, 2017 
 Business Wire  

 Business Wire
                                    

                                    











LONDONFORM 8.3PUBLIC OPENING POSITION DISCLOSURE/DEALING DISCLOSURE BYA PERSON WITH INTERESTS IN RELEVANT SECURITIES REPRESENTING 1% OR MORERule 8.3 of the Takeover Code (the “Code”)1. KEY INFORMATION(a) Full name of discloser:	  	 Marathon Asset Management LLP(b) Owner or controller of interests and short positions disclosed, if different from 1(a):The naming of nominee or vehicle companies is insufficient. For a trust, the trustee(s), settlor and beneficiaries must be named.(c) Name of offeror/offeree in relation to whose relevant securities this form relates:Use a separate form for each offeror/offereeAmec Foster Wheeler Plc(d) If an exempt fund manager connected with an offeror/offeree, state this and specify identity of offeror/offeree:		  (e) Date position held/dealing undertaken:For an opening position disclosure, state the latest practicable date prior to the disclosure6 July 2017(f) In addition to the company in 1(c) above, is the discloser making disclosures in respect of any other party to the offer?If it is a cash offer or possible cash offer, state “N/A”No2. POSITIONS OF THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSUREIf there are positions or rights to subscribe to disclose in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 2(a) or (b) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security.(a) Interests and short positions in the relevant securities of the offeror or offeree to which the disclosure relates following the dealing (if any)Class of relevant security:	  	Ordinary sharesInterests	  	Short positions 		Number	  	%		Number	  	%(1) Relevant securities owned and/or controlled:		 7,629,524		 1.96		  		  (2) Cash-settled derivatives:		  		  		  		  (3) Stock-settled derivatives (including options) and agreements to purchase/sell:		  		  		  		  TOTAL:		 7,629,524**		 1.96		  		  * The change in the holdings since the last disclosure on 4 July 2017 is due to the transfer out of a discretionary holding.** Marathon Asset Management LLP does not have discretion regarding voting decisions in respect of 1,111,332 shares that are included in the total above.All interests and all short positions should be disclosed.Details of any open stock-settled derivative positions (including traded options), or agreements to purchase or sell relevant securities, should be given on a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions).(b) Rights to subscribe for new securities (including directors’ and other employee options)Class of relevant security in relation to which subscription right exists:	  Details, including nature of the rights concerned and relevant percentages:	  3. DEALINGS (IF ANY) BY THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSUREWhere there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 3(a), (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security dealt in.The currency of all prices and other monetary amounts should be stated.(a) Purchases and salesClass of relevant security	  	Purchase/sale	  	Number of securities	  	Price per unitOrdinary Shares		 Sale		 2,840		 4.6397(b) Cash-settled derivative transactionsClass of relevant security	  	Product descriptione.g. CFD 	Nature of dealinge.g. opening/closing a long/short position, increasing/reducing a long/short position 	Number of reference securities	  	Price per unit(c) Stock-settled derivative transactions (including options)(i) Writing, selling, purchasing or varyingClass of relevant security	  	Product description e.g. call option	  	Writing, purchasing, selling, varying etc.	  	Number of securities to which option relates	  	Exercise price per unit	  	Typee.g. American, European etc. 	Expiry date	  	Option money paid/ received per unit(ii) ExerciseClass of relevant security	  	Product descriptione.g. call option 	Exercising/ exercised against	  	Number of securities	  	Exercise price per unit(d) Other dealings (including subscribing for new securities)Class of relevant security	  	Nature of dealinge.g. subscription, conversion 	Details	  	Price per unit (if applicable)4. OTHER INFORMATION(a) Indemnity and other dealing arrangementsDetails of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any agreement or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing entered into by the person making the disclosure and any party to the offer or any person acting in concert with a party to the offer:Irrevocable commitments and letters of intent should not be included. If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state “none”None(b) Agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to options or derivativesDetails of any agreement, arrangement or understanding, formal or informal, between the person making the disclosure and any other person relating to:(i) the voting rights of any relevant securities under any option; or(ii) the voting rights or future acquisition or disposal of any relevant securities to which any derivative is referenced:If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state “none”None(c) AttachmentsIs a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions) attached?	 NODate of disclosure:	  	 7 July 2017Contact name:		 James BennettTelephone number:		 020 7497 2211Public disclosures under Rule 8 of the Code must be made to a Regulatory Information Service.The Panel’s Market Surveillance Unit is available for consultation in relation to the Code’s disclosure requirements on +44 (0)20 7638 0129.The Code can be viewed on the Panel’s website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk.Short Name: Marathon Asset ManagCategory Code: RETSequence Number: 587047Time of Receipt (offset from UTC): 20170707T085544+0100







Related Press Releases





Sep 15, 2015
                                                : Amec Foster Wheeler awarded contract for US methanol plant



Aug 26, 2015
                                                : Amec Foster Wheeler joint venture wins U.S. Air Force contract



Jul 30, 2015
                                                : Amec Foster Wheeler wins clean air technology contract in Mexico





Related News





Aug 03, 2017
Watchdog concerned by Wood Group deal



Aug 03, 2017
Wood Group, Amec Foster Wheeler merger under scrutiny



Aug 02, 2017
UK watchdog to look into Wood Group-AFW merger



Aug 02, 2017
Wood Group Takeover Of Amec Could Cripple Competition



Aug 02, 2017
UK Regulator: Wood Group Takeover Of Amec Could Hurt Competition



Aug 02, 2017
TOP NEWS: CMA Has Concerns Over John Wood-Amec Foster UK Monopoly



Aug 02, 2017
Wood-Amec Merger Could Lead to Competition Concerns, CMA Says



Aug 01, 2017
UK Raises Concerns over Wood-AmecFW MergerSign InSubscribe



Jul 30, 2017
Amec Foster Wheeler to lead £2.9m nuclear research



Jul 28, 2017
AMEC Foster Wheeler To Run UK Digital Reactor Design Project



















2017 © O&GLinks. All Rights Reserved.

About Us | Contact Us
                | Terms & Conditions










Stay on top of the latest happenings in the Oil & Gas industry across the globe. Download the O&GLinks App today. It's user-friendly, effective, and FREE!





































×
Login | Register





Register
Login




Not a member? Register today, it's free. 
O&GLinks provides you with the power to connect to all things oil and gas-related.

  Create your own newsfeed and get custom content adapted to your interests.
  Follow news from any company, country, activity in oil and gas

Already a member? Login here


Name

Email Address *



Choose Your Password *

Minimum 6 characters


Confirm Password *





Register


















Login


Forgot your Password ?
no worries, click here to reset your password.





Change your password
Let’s find your account







Continue



















×
Share



















Form 8.5 (EPT/RI) - Amec Foster Wheeler Plc – Company Announcement - FT.com















FT Markets Data








Amec Foster Wheeler PLCForm 8.5 (EPT/RI) - Amec Foster Wheeler PlcJul 28 2017 11:27 BSTSource: RNS



RNS Number : 4298M JPMorgan Securities Plc 28 July 2017  

FORM 8.5 (EPT/RI)
 
PUBLIC DEALING DISCLOSURE BY AN EXEMPT PRINCIPAL TRADER WITH RECOGNISED INTERMEDIARY STATUS DEALING IN A CLIENT-
SERVING CAPACITY
Rule 8.5 of the Takeover Code (the "Code")
 
1.         KEY INFORMATION
 




(a) Name of exempt principal trader:


J.P. Morgan Securities Plc




(b) Name of offeror/offeree in relation to whose relevant securities this form relates:
     Use a separate form for each offeror/offeree


Amec Foster Wheeler Plc




(c) Name of the party to the offer with which exempt principal trader is connected:


Financial Adviser & Corporate Broker to John Wood Group Plc




(d) Date dealing undertaken:


27 July 2017




(e) In addition to the company in 1(b) above, is the exempt principal trader making disclosures in respect of any other party to this offer?
     If it is a cash offer or possible cash offer, state "N/A"


Yes
John Wood Group Plc




 
2.         DEALINGS BY THE EXEMPT PRINCIPAL TRADER
 
Where there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(b), copy table 2(a), (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security dealt in.
 
The currency of all prices and other monetary amounts should be stated.
 
(a)        Purchases and sales
 




Class of relevant security


Purchases/ sales
 


Total number of securities


Highest price per unit paid/received
(GBP)
 


Lowest price per unit paid/received
(GBP)
 




Ordinary Shares
 


Purchases
 
Sales


78,370 
 
 139,997


4.5120
 
4.5140


4.4480
 
4.4487









 




 




(b)        Cash-settled derivative transactions
 




Class of relevant security


Product description
e.g. CFD


Nature of dealing
e.g. opening/closing a long/short position, increasing/reducing a long/short position


Number of reference securities


Price per unit
(GBP)




Ordinary Shares


Equity Swaps
 
 
 


Long
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short


555
8,014
27,664
326
4,007
648
2,971
22,352
329
5
 
67
100
1,200


4.4487
4.4527
4.4543
4.4557
4.4558
4.4566
4.4664
4.4745
4.5008
4.5050
 
4.4542
4.4545
4.4880




 
(c)        Stock-settled derivative transactions (including options)
 
(i)         Writing, selling, purchasing or varying
 




Class of relevant security


Product description e.g. call option


Writing, purchasing, selling, varying etc.


Number of securities to which option relates


Exercise price per unit (GBP)


Type
e.g. American, European etc.


Expiry date


Option money paid/ received per unit
(GBP) 




Ordinary Shares

























                        
(ii)        Exercise
 




Class of relevant security


Product description
e.g. call option


Exercising/ exercised against


Number of securities


Exercise price per unit
(GBP)




Ordinary Shares
















 
(d)        Other dealings (including subscribing for new securities)
 




Class of relevant security


Nature of dealing
e.g. subscription, conversion


Details


Price per unit (if applicable) (GBP)







 
 










 
(a)        Indemnity and other dealing arrangements
 




Details of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any agreement or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing entered into by the exempt principal trader making the disclosure and any party to the offer or any person acting in concert with a party to the offer:
Irrevocable commitments and letters of intent should not be included.  If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state "none"




None
 




 
(b)        Agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to options or derivatives
 




Details of any agreement, arrangement or understanding, formal or informal, between the exempt principal trader making the disclosure and any other person relating to:
(i)  the voting rights of any relevant securities under any option; or 
(ii) the voting rights or future acquisition or disposal of any relevant securities to which any derivative is referenced:
If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state "none"




None
 




 
 




Date of disclosure:


28 July 2017




Contact name:


Evangelos Galiatsatos




Telephone number:


020 7742 6148




 
Public disclosures under Rule 8 of the Code must be made to a Regulatory Information Service and must also be emailed to the Takeover Panel at monitoring@disclosure.org.uk.  The Panel's Market Surveillance Unit is available for consultation in relation to the Code's dealing disclosure requirements on +44 (0)20 7638 0129.
 
The Code can be viewed on the Panel's website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk.

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  FEREANXPAASXEEF

		 

















 























Amec Foster Wheeler PLC | ICEICEICENYSEAboutContactSearchCloseNo results foundHomepageTradeAsset ClassesEnergyInterest RatesAgricultureEquity DerivativesMetalsCredit DerivativesFXCash Equities
Product SpecsFutures & Options SpecsOTCView All Products Specs
Featured ContractsGlobal Oil BenchmarksBrent Crude OilLS GasoilSugar No 11SterlingUSDXEURIBORCoffeeHenry HubMSCIWTINorth American CrudeFTSEMarkets & ExchangesICE Futures EuropeICE Futures U.S.ICE Futures CanadaICE EndexICE Futures SingaporeICE OTC EnergyICE Swap TradeCreditexICE Credit TradeBrokered MarketsConnect To TradeDirect Market Access & ColocationWeb & MobileAPIs & ISVsTrading Tools & DesktopsICE ConnectPrice Discovery & ExecutionRepository & Confirmation ServicesNews & Alerts
Trading Resources

ICE Education
Trading Hours
Holiday Calendar
Expiry Dates
All Product Codes
Vendor CodesFeesSubscriptions
Trading Insights




GLOBALIZING NATURAL GAS MARKET DRIVES LIQUIDITY IN LNG FUTURES



Turn Market Messages into Market Data



Natural Gas Market Commentary



Learn More About Our MarketsContact Us
ClearClearing NetworkClearing Risk ManagementCleared Products & MarketsClearing Margin ModelsClearing MembershipICE Clear EuropeRisk ManagementMembershipCircularsRegulationOperationsTechnologyTreasury & BankingClient ClearingCDSICE Clear U.S.Risk ManagementMembershipNoticesRegulationTechnologyICE Clear SingaporeRisk ManagementMembershipCircularsRegulationTechnologyTreasuryICE Clear CreditMembershipCircularsRegulationCDS Client ClearingICE Clear NetherlandsRisk ManagementMembershipNoticesOperationsRegulationTechnologyStatisticsICE Clear CanadaRisk ManagementMembershipNoticesRegulationTechnologyClearing Resources
ICE Education
Trading Calendar
Holiday Calendar
Fees
Margins
Expiry Calendar
Subscriptions
ICE LinkClearing Insights




EMIR and CDS Clearing: The Road Ahead



Credit Default Swaps: Growth in Clearing & Futures



How Clearing Mitigates Risk



Learn More About Clearing MembershipContact Us
Data ServicesOverviewPricing & Analytics DataAnalyticsEvaluations & Mark-to-Market DataICE Benchmark AdministrationIndex  ServicesReference DataRegulation ComplianceSecurities EvaluationsExchange DataICE Real-Time Market DataICE Historical Market DataNYSE DataQuote Vendors & Data DistributorsDesktops & ToolsPrice Discovery & ExecutionPost TradeWealth ManagementNews & AlertsConnectivity & FeedsSFTI Global Market AccessSFTI Low Latency SolutionsColocation and Proximity HostingManaged ServicesIndependent Software VendorsConsolidated FeedTick HistoryData ResourcesEvents
Webinars
ICE Data Services Business Practices
Agreements

ICE ConnectAccess your existing trading, messaging, market data and analytics tools using ICE Connect
 Data Insights





T. Rowe Price Selects ICE Data Services’ Best Execution for Enhanced Fixed Income Transaction Cost Analysis



See How Technology is Driving Market Data Consumption



Get Started with Exchange Traded Derivatives Reference Data



Interested in ICE Data Services?Request More Information   
IBA ServicesICE LIBORCalculating ICE LiborPanel CompositionGovernance & OversightNon-Publication DaysAbout IBALicensing & DataMarket StatusGovernance & OversightHistorical DataHoliday CalendarICE SWAP RATEAccessing RatesMethodologyVenuesCurrencies, Tenors & Publication Governance & OversightNon-Publication DaysLBMA GOLD PRICEMethodologyTechnologyAuction ProcessDirect ParticipantsClient ParticipationPublicationGovernance & OversightNon-Publication DaysISDA SIMMMethodology & ParticipationGovernance Data, Reports & LicencingPublication Times, Days & Holidays
ICE Benchmark Administration Insights





Central Clearing for the IBA Gold Auction



LIBOR: A Path to Global Reform



Learn More about ICE Benchmark AdministrationContact Us
ReportsSee All ReportsFrequently Accessed Reports

ICE Futures Europe End of Day
Commitments of Traders
Daily, MTD, QTD, YTD Volume & OI
ICE LIBOR Historical Rates
WebICELoginAmec Foster Wheeler PLCAmec Foster Wheeler PLC38716775Product SpecsDownloadDescriptionPhysically Delivered Option Contract on UK Single Equities

Additional flexible products may be available for this equity.
Please see ICEBlock Only contracts here
Market SpecificationsTrading Screen Product NameAmec Foster Wheeler PLCTrading Screen Hub NameICEUContract SymbolAMEUnit of TradingOne option normally equals rights over 1000 shares.  Due to corporate action contract adjustments some equity options series may have a non-standard contract size.QuotationPence per shareMinimum Price Movement0.5 pence per share / £5.00Last Trading Day16:30 London Time. Third Friday in expiry monthAlgorithmPrice-time trading algorithm with priority given to the first order at the best price.Block Trade Minimum250 contractsExercise DayExercise by 18:30 London time on any business dayDelivery MonthsTarget Group Options* - Serial months out to two years. Longer dated expiries beyond two years with a maximum expiry of five years are available on ICE Block only.Non Target Group Options* - Serial months out to one year. Longer dated expiries beyond one year with a maximum expiry of five years are available on ICE Block only.*A list of Target Group and Non Target Options can be found here.Settlement DateSettlement Date is two business days following the day of exercise/Last Trading Day. Block Trades can be reported until 17:30 London timeDeliverable SpecificationsDelivery will be 1,000 shares (or other such number of shares as determined by the terms of the contract).Option PremiumPayable in full by the buyer on the business day following a transaction.Other InformationIn the United States these products may only be offered and sold to prescribed entities under specified conditions.Stock ExchangeLondon Stock ExchangeMIC CodeIFLOClearing VenuesICEULoading...Related Products3i Group PlcAberdeen Asset Management PLCAggreko PLCAmec Foster Wheeler PLCAnglo American PLCTrading HoursCityTradingPre-OpenNew York3:00 AM - 11:30 AM03:00 - 11:30London8:00 AM - 4:30 PM08:00 - 16:30Singapore3:00 PM - 11:30 PM15:00 - 23:30Loading...CodesClearing Admin NameLSE MasterPhysicalAMELogicalAMEGMI(FC)R&N A.C.N.ReferencesCorporate ActionsRETAIL BROKERS - USEFUL CONTACTS & INFORMATIONNew Strike Price Intervals for UK Stock OptionsList of Contract Details for Equity ProductsEquity Derivatives InfographicHolidaysICE WebinarsFeatured ReportsEnd of Day ReportHistorical Daily Volume and OIHistorical Monthly VolumesICE Daily & MTD/QTD/YTD Volume and OI





    Amec Foster Wheeler Plc | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Amec Foster Wheeler PLC
    GB|Active|Recent Credit Rating UpdateReportSalesforceAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskTurnover
                                          5.4B
                                                                                        GBP0.27%
                                          Net Assets
                                          1B
                                                                                        GBP36.59%
                                          Debt to Capital (%)
                                          80.77
                                                                                        %Liquidity Ratio
                                          1.12
                                                                                DetailsCompany nameAmec Foster Wheeler PLCCompany number01675285Legal Entity IdentifierDTA07N5U5HK2KC1SCM04
                                                         Source
                                  Company typePublic limited with share capitalIncorporation date02 Nov 1982Type of accounts filingGroupLatest annual returns
                            08 Jun 2017
                        Next annual returns due
                                22 Jun 2018
                                                                                            Latest annual accounts
                                    31 Dec 2016
                                Next annual accounts due
                                30 Jun 2018
                                                                                            SIC 2003
                                7415 — Management Activities Of Holding Companies
                            SIC 2007
                                7010 — Activities Of Head Offices
                            Related names
                                                                    AMEC-Spie                                                            Websitehttp://www.amecfw.com/Social MediaRegistered AddressBooths ParkChelford RoadKnutsfordCheshireWA16 8QZUnited KingdomTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
        
    Amec Foster Wheeler PLC was set up on 02 Nov 1982        has its registered office in Cheshire.
                Its current status is listed as "Active".     
                It currently has  9 directors.            The company employs 10000+ people.            Amec Foster Wheeler PLC
        has 53 subsidiaries.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Cash342,000,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Liabilities1,880,000,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Net Assets1,014,000,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Assets2,123,000,064 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleCompany characteristicsIndustry Keywords
                                        holding companies management
                                    
                                        management
                                    
                                        engineering & project management
                                    
                                        development
                                    
                                        mining
                                    
                                        infrastructure
                                    
                                        metal
                                    
                                        asset development
                                    
                                        gas
                                    
                                        consultancy
                                    
                                        minerals
                                    
                                        road surfacing
                                    Size
                                    XL
                                
                                Turnover
                                (500M
                                to
                                Max)
                            Age
                                    Established
                                
                                20-50 years
                            Location
                                    WA16
                                AboutChoose a DescriptionDueDil DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionA group engaged in the provision of oil and gas services, oil sands (engineering and infrastructure) and metals and minerals mining services include asset development and asset support including consultancy and design, project management, commissioning and operational support.LocationChoose an AddressRegistered addressTrading addressBooths ParkChelford RoadKnutsfordCheshireWA16 8QZUnited KingdomBooths HallChelford RoadKnutsfordCheshireWA16 8QZUnited KingdomView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×    Amec Foster Wheeler Plc | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Amec Foster Wheeler PLC
    GB|Active|Recent Credit Rating UpdateReportSalesforceAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskTurnover
                                          5.4B
                                                                                        GBP0.27%
                                          Net Assets
                                          1B
                                                                                        GBP36.59%
                                          Debt to Capital (%)
                                          80.77
                                                                                        %Liquidity Ratio
                                          1.12
                                                                                DetailsCompany nameAmec Foster Wheeler PLCCompany number01675285Legal Entity IdentifierDTA07N5U5HK2KC1SCM04
                                                         Source
                                  Company typePublic limited with share capitalIncorporation date02 Nov 1982Type of accounts filingGroupLatest annual returns
                            08 Jun 2017
                        Next annual returns due
                                22 Jun 2018
                                                                                            Latest annual accounts
                                    31 Dec 2016
                                Next annual accounts due
                                30 Jun 2018
                                                                                            SIC 2003
                                7415 — Management Activities Of Holding Companies
                            SIC 2007
                                7010 — Activities Of Head Offices
                            Related names
                                                                    AMEC-Spie                                                            Websitehttp://www.amecfw.com/Social MediaRegistered AddressBooths ParkChelford RoadKnutsfordCheshireWA16 8QZUnited KingdomTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
        
    Amec Foster Wheeler PLC was set up on 02 Nov 1982        has its registered office in Cheshire.
                Its current status is listed as "Active".     
                It currently has  9 directors.            The company employs 10000+ people.            Amec Foster Wheeler PLC
        has 53 subsidiaries.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Cash342,000,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Liabilities1,880,000,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Net Assets1,014,000,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Assets2,123,000,064 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleCompany characteristicsIndustry Keywords
                                        holding companies management
                                    
                                        management
                                    
                                        engineering & project management
                                    
                                        development
                                    
                                        mining
                                    
                                        infrastructure
                                    
                                        metal
                                    
                                        asset development
                                    
                                        gas
                                    
                                        consultancy
                                    
                                        minerals
                                    
                                        road surfacing
                                    Size
                                    XL
                                
                                Turnover
                                (500M
                                to
                                Max)
                            Age
                                    Established
                                
                                20-50 years
                            Location
                                    WA16
                                AboutChoose a DescriptionDueDil DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionA group engaged in the provision of oil and gas services, oil sands (engineering and infrastructure) and metals and minerals mining services include asset development and asset support including consultancy and design, project management, commissioning and operational support.LocationChoose an AddressRegistered addressTrading addressBooths ParkChelford RoadKnutsfordCheshireWA16 8QZUnited KingdomBooths HallChelford RoadKnutsfordCheshireWA16 8QZUnited KingdomView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×