




Japan: BayCurrent Consulting's IPO to provide exit for CLSA's Sunrise fund - DealStreetAsia



































































































































                            GO
                        






Anonymous Tip


Login




Anonymous



Logout


















 
 







Home
Singapore
Indonesia
Philippines
Myanmar
Thailand
Vietnam
Malaysia
India
China | HK
International



 
 
 









Japan: BayCurrent Consulting’s IPO to provide exit for CLSA’s Sunrise fund























 Temple in Kiyomizu,Japan. Credit:Flickr/Caribb


 





Anirvan Ghosh 




                    September 2, 2016                

CLSA Capital Partners, the alternative asset management arm of CLSA, today announced an initial public offering of BayCurrent Consulting, Inc. on Mothers market of Tokyo Stock Exchange.
The IPO provides an exit for Sunrise Capital II, the CLSA Capital Partners’ buyout fund that invests in established, mid-cap companies with strong growth potential in Japan.
“Securing independent management and operations through an IPO is key to ensuring that BayCurrent continues to provide clients superior, customised and unbiased solutions,” said Megumi Kiyozuka, Head of Sunrise Japan.
Baycurrent, based in Tokyo, is a consulting firm that focusses on IT and digital domains. CLSA had invested in the company through Sunrise II fund in June 2014. The fund has also worked with BayCurrent’s management to improve its quality of services and organization.
CLSA said the stock will begin trading from September 2 under the symbol ‘6532’. The company will offer a total of 50,000 shares.
The nominal offering price is 2,360 yen per share, for 118 million yen ($1.2 million) in total, as of the filing date of registration statement. The fixed offering price will be announced at a later date, CLSA said in the statement.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd will be the underwriter for this offer.
CLSA’s Sunrise Capital fund series supports invested companies with overseas expansion through CLSA’s global network. It has invested in nine companies since the fund series was established in 2006.
Current portfolio includes tutoring business KK BC Holdings, auto maintenance tools retailer Worldtool, F&B firm Asamiya and consulting service provider BayCurrent Consulting.
CLSA Capital Partners is the wholly-owned alternative asset-management arm of CLSA, Asia’s leading brokerage and investment group. It manages $3 billion assets and operates seven offices located in Hong Kong, Singapore and Tokyo.
Also read:
CLSA Capital Partners invests in Japanese education biz BC Holdings
Exclusive: CLSA closes third Asia fund at $1b, beats $850m target
CLSA to invest $15m in Holisol
 
 
 

 





Just-In
Trending









Indonesia: Emtek pours $25.8m into VCs in H1, reveals minority investment in Grab






SoftBank invests $250m in US online lender Kabbage






Indonesia: Barito Pacific readying $700m to acquire majority stake in Star Energy






Corporate VC activity in Asia sees uptick in H1 2017 amid global surge






HK: Bike sharing platform Gobee raises $9m from Grishin Robotics, Alibaba


 
 
 





Indonesia: Traveloka raises $500m from Expedia, East Ventures, JD, others




Singapore: Temasek acquires 30% of Italian fashion firm Stone Island




Indonesia’s Indorama in talks to buy Tata Chemicals’ fertilizer unit




Philippines RE Holdings buying First Gen’s EDC stake for up to $1.2b




Philippines: JG Summit unit, China’s Oriente form fintech JV


 
 
 










 

 

















































 
 













About Us
Advertise
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Careers
Press Releases












© DealStreetAsia 2014 - 2016













×





Daily Brief Signup





About DEALSTREETASIA™





Meet the team





Close














Sign In to Continue Reading DealStreetAsia For Free




 Sign in with LinkedIn
 Sign in with Google
 Sign in with Twitter
 Sign in with Facebook







Email address



Password



Sign In

Forgot your password?
Don't have an account? Sign up here




Email address



Password



Confirm Password




 Sign me up for the Daily Deals Newsletter
                    

Register

Already have an account? Sign in here





We will never share your information with third parties.


 
 
 
 








Megumi Kiyozuka - Managing Director at CLSA Capital Partners (Japan)
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Megumi Kiyozuka
Managing Director at CLSA Capital Partners (Japan)



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees 


Megumi Kiyozuka
Managing Director at CLSA Capital Partners (Japan)



 Overview



Age



55
                                  (Born 09/1961)
                                              




Board Seats



4





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 125 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Private Equity International
May 8, 2017





                        CLSA hits $400m hard-cap for Japan fund                    





Private Equity International
May 17, 2016





                        CLSA Capital Partners invests in Japanese educator                    





Private Equity International
March 31, 2016





                        Co-investing yet to gain traction in Japan                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Yoshiyuki Abe

Chief Executive Officer at BayCurrent Consulting, Inc.




Masakazu Kirino

Chairman at Nihon Kensetsu Co., Ltd.





Noriyasu Uehara

Senior Managing Director at Kidoh Construction Co., Ltd.




Ryoichiro Minagawa

Managing Director at CLSA Sunrise Capital Fund





Shunji Naka

Managing Director at CLSA Sunrise Capital Fund




Koji Kawakami

Senior Managing Director at Kidoh Construction Co., Ltd.





Akira Maeda

Former Executive Director at Nihon Integround Holdings, Inc.




Yoshiaki Nakamichi

Former Director at Nihon Integround Holdings, Inc.





Kosuke Nakamura

Director & General Manager-Administration at BayCurrent Consulting, Inc.




Hiroshi Kozuka

Director & Manager-Knowledge Project Promotion at BayCurrent Consulting, Inc.







See 115 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 115 More 


 


 Paths to Megumi Kiyozuka



            Megumi Kiyozuka          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Megumi Kiyozuka






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Megumi Kiyozuka.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



B.A. in Economics 


Shiga University

                  Shiga University is a school.                




MBA 


University of California Berkeley - Haas School of Business

                  The Walter A. Haas School of Business, also known as the Haas School of Business or simply Haas, is one of 14 schools and colleges at the University of California, Berkeley.

The school runs a range of programs and is consistently ranked among the best in the country. Known for its small class size, academic rigor, and application selectivity, Haas is one of the most prestigious business schools in the world. It is the second oldest business school in the United States.                





 Career History



Managing Director & Head of Sunrise, Japan

                                    Current                


CLSA Capital Partners (Hong Kong) Ltd.


                  CLSA-HK is an activist investor following a growth-oriented investment approach and a thematic investment process. Focusing on Asia, the firm seeks to invest in companies with substantial latent growth potential. They aim to increase the value of their investments through active M&A strategies. They support management buy-outs of mid-sized companies, and engage in minority investment activities, growth capital funding and business-revitalization. CLSA-HK cooperates with management to increase corporate value by reinforcing the company's financial foundations and expanding profit opportunities in core businesses.The firm manages specialist equity funds focused on growth capital, Asian real estate, mid-market buyout opportunities in Japan, Asia's clean energy sector, and mezzanine debt financing for Asian buyouts. Investments themes include domestic demand, asset reflation, Japanese economic recovery, interregional trade and outsourcing of in-house logistics at small and medium-sized Japanese companies.                




Managing Director

                                    Current                


CLSA Capital Partners (Japan)


                  CLSA CPJ is an active, growth-oriented manager with a long-term investment capability which seeks to invest in well managed, high growth companies, real estate, buyout financing and mid-market buyouts.The firm invests in established businesses which are well-positioned to capitalize on the benefits of Japan's economic resurgence and which have management teams prepared to embrace a new partnership leading to growth and enhanced performance.CLSA CPJ considers investments in all sectors, particularly consumer products, food processing, healthcare, consumer retail, logistics and distribution, BPO and industrial manufacturing.The firm is active in providing growth capital for minority positions in high-growth corporations and expanding core businesses; mid-market buyouts and divisional spin-offs ; delisting of public companies whose market valuations are below fundamental values in order to allow for value creation through strategic, managerial, and governance guidance and private investment in public entities, where they follow a value-added approach including M&A assistance and corporate governance.Their managers act as partners with their portfolio companies, working actively with companies at the board of director level to provide financial and strategic guidelines while allowing management control of day-to-day operations.                




Managing Director-Head of Sunrise-Japan

                                    Current                


CLSA Sunrise Capital Fund


                  Founded in 2006, Sunrise Capital is a Japan dedicated private equity strategy focusing on investments in established mid-cap companies. Sunrise Capital supports domestic growth by providing strategic solutions for companies planning on Asian business expansion. Our sophisticated management platform leverages our wide breadth of experience and extensive Asian network.                




Senior Manager

                                    Prior                


The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi Ltd. (New York Branch)


                  The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi Ltd. provides commercial banking services.  The bank serves as the retail arm of The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (BTMU) in the United States. The company was established in 1996 and is based in New York, New York.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


The Carlyle Group LP (Corporate Private Equity)


                  The Carlyle Group LP (Corporate Private Equity) focuses either on a particular geography (Asia, Europe, Japan, Middle East and North Africa (MENA), South America, Sub-Saharan Africa or the United States) or a particular industry, such as financial services. The firm invests in aerospace, defense & government services, consumer & retail, energy, financial services, healthcare, industrial, real estate, technology & business services, telecommunications & media, and transportation.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Outside Director

                    2014 - Current                  


BayCurrent Consulting, Inc.

                    BayCurrent Consulting, Inc. engages in the provision of consulting services. It offers Strategy Business Process Consulting, Information Technology (IT) Consulting, and System Integration. The Strategy Business Process Consulting covers company or business strategy, M&A alliances, digital strategy, turn-around, globalization, innovation, and marketing or sales strategy. The IT Consulting includes IT strategy, governance, organizational improvement, cost optimization, architecture, asset evaluation and talent development. The System Integration handles system design, development and infrastructure operation and maintenance. The company was founded on March 25, 1998 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.                  




Director

                    Prior - 2012                  


Nihon Integround Holdings, Inc.

                    Nihon Integround Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding company with interests in providing civil engineering works. The company engages in underground pipe jacking, construction of prestressed concrete bridges & tanks, and land development activities. The company was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Osaka, Japan.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Kidoh Construction Co., Ltd.

                    Kidoh Construction Co., Ltd. is involved in engineering and construction services for sewages and other underground projects such as gas pipes, telephone lines, and propulsion power cables. The firm also provides pre stressed concrete bridge construction and work tanks. The company was founded on October 29, 1946 and is headquartered in Osaka, Japan.                  




Director

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Nihon Kensetsu Co., Ltd.

                    Nihon Kensetsu Co., Ltd. is a private company headquartered in Osaka, Japan. The firm provides construction and real estate services.                  





 Other Affiliations




              Megumi Kiyozuka is affiliated with
                            CLSA Capital Partners (Hong Kong) Ltd., CLSA Capital Partners (Japan), CLSA Sunrise Capital Fund, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi Ltd. (New York Branch), The Carlyle Group LP (Corporate Private Equity), BayCurrent Consulting, Inc., Nihon Integround Holdings, Inc., Kidoh Construction Co., Ltd., Nihon Kensetsu Co., Ltd..
            




You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤























Sunrise Capital II completes IPO of BayCurrent Consulting, Inc. – CLSA












































CLOSE

research login
CLSA Forum login
CLSA Forum list









Research Login:



Email:



Password:





I have read and agreed to the Terms and Condition.




LOGIN
Forgot your username/password?






Back
Forgot your username/password?Enter your email address below and we will send you a quick link via email.


Email:






SUBMIT







CLSA Research App is now ready for iPhone mobile devices.








Forum Login:
Please enter your CLSA Forum Delegate ID.
(If you are CLSA client and forget your Forum Delegate ID, please contact your CLSA sales representative to enquire further.)



Delegate ID:












NEXT
Forgot your CLSA Forum Delegate ID?






Back
Forgot your CLSA Forum Delegate ID?Enter your email address below and we will send you a quick link via email.


Email:






SUBMIT







CLSA Forum Apps are now ready for iPhone and Android mobile devices.









Select the CLSA Forum
Please click on the name of the CLSA Forum to login.





Upcoming Forums 







14th CLSA Japan Forum
Tokyo
21-Feb-17
to
24-Feb-17


14th CLSA Asean Forum
Bangkok
08-Mar-17
to
10-Mar-17


22nd CLSA China Forum
Tianjin, China
15-May-17
to
17-May-17


 





Past Forums







19th CLSA India Forum
Gurgaon
14-Nov-16
to
16-Nov-16


23rd CLSA Investors' Forum - 2016
Hong Kong 
19-Sep-16
to
23-Sep-16


21st CLSA China Forum
Chengdu
09-May-16
to
11-May-16


13th CLSA Asean Forum
Bangkok
09-Mar-16
to
11-Mar-16


 







CLSA Forum Apps are now ready for iPhone and Android mobile devices.









Media Login:




Username:



Password:





I have read and agreed to the Terms and Condition.




LOGIN
Forgot your username/password?





															CLSA welcomes active writers and editors from recognised media organisations to attend our Forums. If you are interested in registering for the 23rd CLSA Annual Investors' Forum (19-23 September 2016) in Hong Kong, please click here and upon accreditation we will email your personal login details.
															
															Please note that online registration is also necessary for any media who would like to access Forum speaker information and reports, but are unable to attend the event.
															





Back
Forgot your username/password?Enter your email address below and we will send you a quick link via email.


Email:






SUBMIT













CLOSE































LOGIN 


Services 

Overview
Global Equities
Corporate Finance & Capital Markets
Asset Management
Research
Corporate Access


About 

Overview
Who is CLSA?
Governance
Community
Careers
Media
Contacts
Terms of Business


 



















LOGIN 




















Sunrise Capital II completes IPO of BayCurrent Consulting, Inc.





								Tokyo



SHARE 









Tokyo – Friday 2 September, 2016 – CLSA Capital Partners, the alternative asset management arm of CLSA, is pleased to announce the IPO of BayCurrent Consulting, Inc. (“BayCurrent”) on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Mothers today. The IPO was completed by Sunrise II, the CLSA Capital Partners’ fund that invests in established, mid-cap companies with strong growth potential in Japan.
BayCurrent is a Tokyo-headquartered consulting firm regarded for its excellence in IT and digital domains. Sunrise II’s investment in BayCurrent was completed in June 2014. Since then, Sunrise II has been instrumental in supporting BayCurrent’s management to enhance the quality of BayCurrent’s services and organisation. As a result of these rigorous value enhancement efforts, along with the support of the management team and employees, BayCurrent has been successful in steadily expanding its scale and services. BayCurrent now boasts top-level profit margins within the consulting industry and is highly regarded for its innovative consulting approach.
Mr. Megumi Kiyozuka, Head of Sunrise Japan said: “Securing independent management and operations through an IPO is key to ensuring that BayCurrent continues to provide clients superior, customised and unbiased solutions. We would like to express our sincere appreciation to the management and employees for their hard work in achieving remarkable growth.”
Sunrise II remains committed to enhancing medium to long-term corporate value in its portfolio companies.




























