








CSR & sustainability info for Consort NT | CSR Ratings


























$0




0 item(s) in the shopping cart




View Cart
Checkout







Login
















                Sustainability management tools
            

























         
            Improve a company’s sustainability performance
        

            By using the world’s most comprehensive CSR metrics database and analysis tools
        

Subscriber Preview
Request a demo











 

You've reached the limit for free searches.          


See CSRHub in Action          












Consort NT CSR Ratings 







NA




                                        CSR Rating
                                        Compared To
                                        All Companies
                                    



?








                                                Community
                                            



56










                                                Employees
                                            



57












                                                Environment
                                            



56










                                                Governance
                                            



62












                                    Low
                                

                                    0-29
                                




                                    30-39
                                




                                    40-49
                                




                                    50-59
                                




                                    60-79
                                




                                    80-100
                                

                                    High
                                


?






See Rating

Percentile Rankings


Click here to get this information.





                            CSR Rating History
                        










                                    This company vs 17,486 companies
                                






                                    The average for the  297 companies in the IT & Network Services industry
                                


?







0 Special Issues
Affect This Company

?





                                    4
                                

Active Sources

                                  12 Total Sources
                                
?



                                    Share This Summary
                                












CSR News
CSR Jobs



Consort NT Description 




Consort NT SA provides IT consulting, system integration and infrastructure outsourcing. The company focuses on networking, systems integration and scientific and industrial engineering. The company's products are used in the automotive, aerospace, and ra




Ticker:
MLCNT


ISIN:
FR0000077828


Address:

131 Avenue Charles de Gaulle



 

Neuilly-sur-Seine, 
,                          92200,          
France 


Website:
Consort NT


Phone #:
33 1 40 88 05 05


CSR Web Area:
Subscribers Only ?


Industry:
IT & Network Services

















Customize CSRHub Ratings To Match Your Personal Preferences










                        PRIORITIES
                    










                                Community
                            



                                2.6
                            












                                Employees
                            



                                2.8
                            












                                Environment
                            



                                3.7
                            












                                Governance
                            



                                2.9
                            



Edit your profiles



SWITCH PROFILE



Average user (current)Average user (Jan 2012)Average user (Jan 2013)Average user (Jan 2014)Average user (Jan 2015)Average user (Jan 2016)Community-Employee focusedEnvironment focusedGovernance focusedMiller McCune [joined]Old TP [joined]





                        Data Date
                    

March 01, 2017




                        0 SPECIAL ISSUES SELECTED
                    











            CSRHub Subscribers Get Much More
        

CSRHub subscribers gain unparalleled and direct access to over 131 million
            data items, our easy-to-use suite of benchmarking and comparison tools,
            as well as our popular custom excel dashboards.
        

            Explore each of CSRHub's features, below.
        















12 of 535


Possible Sources Are Available for this Company







Glassdoor





UN Global Compact 2015





Ideal Ratings


?








                                Industry Rankings
                            


IT & Network Services
?


?








                                Excel Dashboards
                            
Annual Subscription with Benchmarking Tools$ 2,995Premium Subscription and Analytics Service$ 9,995Monthly Subscription$ 349
Annual Subscription with Benchmarking Tools$ 2,995Premium Subscription and Analytics Service$ 9,995Monthly Subscription$ 349Fewer subscriptions

?












Subcategory Ratings



Community


56




Community Dev & Philanthropy


?




Human Rights & Supply Chain


?




Product


?





?







                            Detailed Company Report(s)
                          
There are no additional reports available from CSRHub for this company.

?







                              Special Issues
                          



















?
















                                          0
                                      

                                          Flags
                                      




















?








                              Customize CSRHub Ratings
                          










                  Community
                



                  2.6
                












                  Employees
                



                  2.8
                












                  Environment
                



                  3.7
                












                  Governance
                



                  2.9
                


?

Only subscribers see this data









                              Alternate Names
                          

Consort NTConsort NT SA

?











            Access CSRHub's Premium Features
        

Request a Demo
Subscriber Preview








×
Member Sign In


Sign in via Social Networks





Sign in with Facebook









Sign in with Twitter









Sign in with LinkedIn









Sign in with Google Plus









Have an Account?



Username






Password






 Remember Me
Lost Password




Close
Sign in










Home
Request a Demo
Subscription Sample
Dashboard Samples
Free Reports
What We Do




About Us
Our Team
Testimonials
CSRHub Research
CSR Events
About Special Issues




Contact Us
Our Widget & API
Partners
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Useful Links




FAQ
Companies A to Z
Industries Covered
Countries Covered
Data Sources Covered
Sitemap






















© 2008-2017 CSRHub








e-Check




























Governor-General of Australia - Wikipedia






















 






Governor-General of Australia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Governor-General of the Commonwealth of Australia



Badge of the Governor-General of Australia




Flag of the Governor-General of Australia






Incumbent
General Sir Peter Cosgrove
AK MC
since 28 March 2014



Style
His Excellency the Honourable


Residence



Government House (Canberra)
Admiralty House (Sydney)





Nominator
Prime Minister of Australia


Appointer
Monarch of Australia


Term length

At Her Majesty's pleasure
(under convention, usually 5 years) [1]


Formation
1 January 1901


First holder
The Earl of Hopetoun


Salary
$425,000


Website
gg.gov.au





Australia






This article is part of a series on the
politics and government of
Australia




Constitution



Constitution of Australia

Statute of Westminster Adoption Act

Australia Act









The Crown


Monarch: Elizabeth II

Governor-General: Sir Peter Cosgrove









Executive



Prime Minister: Malcolm Turnbull


Deputy Prime Minister: Barnaby Joyce

Federal Executive Council

Ministry




Current (71st)
Cabinet















Legislature


Parliament

Senate


President: Stephen Parry



House of Representatives


Speaker: Tony Smith



Opposition


Leader: Bill Shorten

Shadow Ministry












Judiciary


High Court
Lower Courts
Laws of Australia








Elections


Federal electoral system

Electoral divisions


Political parties
Recent elections




Federal: 2016
2013
2010





Federal by-elections
Referendums








States and territories



Governors and Administrators
Premiers and Chief Ministers
Parliaments and Assemblies
State courts
State electoral systems









Local government



NSW
Vic
Qld
WA
SA
Tas
NT









Related topics



Regions
Foreign relations
Defence Force
Public holidays
Republicanism










Other countries
Atlas








v
t
e





The Governor-General of the Commonwealth of Australia is the representative in Australia of the Australian monarch, currently Queen Elizabeth II.[2][3] The Governor-General is appointed by the Queen on the advice of the Prime Minister of Australia. The Governor-General has formal presidency over the Federal Executive Council and is Commander-in-Chief of the Australian Defence Force, as well as viceregal representative in the Australian Capital Territory. The functions of the Governor-General include appointing ministers, judges, and ambassadors; giving royal assent to legislation passed by Parliament; issuing writs for election; and bestowing Australian honours.[4]
In general, the Governor-General observes the conventions of the Westminster system and responsible government, maintaining a political neutrality, and has almost always acted only on the advice of the prime minister or other ministers or, in certain cases, the Parliament. The Governor-General also has a ceremonial role: hosting events at either of the two viceregal residences—Government House in the capital, Canberra, and Admiralty House in Sydney—and travelling throughout Australia to open conferences, attend services and commemorations, and generally provide encouragement to individuals and groups who are contributing to their communities. When travelling abroad, the Governor-General is seen as the representative of Australia, and of the Queen of Australia. The Governor-General is supported by a staff headed by the Official Secretary to the Governor-General.
A Governor-General is not appointed for a specific term, but is generally expected to serve for five years subject to a possible short extension.[4] Since 28 March 2014, the Governor-General has been General Sir Peter Cosgrove.[2]
From Federation in 1901 until 1965, 11 out of the 15 Governors-General were British aristocrats; they included four barons, three viscounts, three earls, and one royal duke.[5] Since then, all but one of the Governors-General have been Australian-born. As of 2017[update], only one Governor-General, Dame Quentin Bryce, was a woman.



Contents


1 Method of appointment
2 Styles and titles of Governors-General
3 Backgrounds of Governors-General
4 Tenure
5 Constitutional role and functions

5.1 Role in Australia's parliament
5.2 Role in executive government
5.3 Reserve powers


6 Ceremonial role
7 Official state car
8 History
9 Patronage
10 Spouse
11 List
12 Living former Governors-General
13 Timeline of Governors-General
14 See also
15 References
16 Further reading
17 External links



Method of appointment[edit]
The selection of a Governor-General is a responsibility for the Prime Minister of Australia, who may consult privately with staff or colleagues, or with the monarch. The candidate is approached privately to confirm whether they are willing to accept the appointment.
The prime minister then advises the monarch to appoint his nominee. This has been the procedure since November 1930, when James Scullin's proposed appointment of Sir Isaac Isaacs was fiercely opposed by the British government. This was not because of any lack of regard for Isaacs personally, but because the British government considered that the choice of Governors-General was, since the 1926 Imperial Conference, a matter for the monarch's decision alone. (However, it became very clear in a conversation between Scullin and King George V's Private Secretary, Lord Stamfordham, on 11 November 1930, that this was merely the official reason for the objection, with the real reason being that an Australian, no matter how highly regarded personally, was not considered appropriate to be a Governor-General.) Scullin was equally insistent that the monarch must act on the relevant prime minister's direct advice (the practice until 1926 was that Dominion prime ministers advised the monarch indirectly, through the British government, which effectively had a veto over any proposal it did not agree with). Scullin cited the precedents of the Prime Minister of South Africa, J. B. M. Hertzog, who had recently insisted on his choice of the Earl of Clarendon as Governor-General of that country, and the selection of an Irishman as Governor-General of the Irish Free State. Both of these appointments had been agreed to despite British government objections.
Despite these precedents, George V remained reluctant to accept Scullin's recommendation of Isaacs and asked him to consider Field Marshal Sir William Birdwood. However, Scullin stood firm, and, on 29 November, the King agreed to Isaacs's appointment, but made it clear that he did so only because he felt he had no option.[6] This right to not only advise the monarch directly, but also to expect that advice to be accepted, was soon taken up by all the other Dominion prime ministers. This, among other things, led to the Statute of Westminster 1931 and to the formal separation of the Crowns of the Dominions. Now, the Queen of Australia is generally bound by constitutional convention to accept the advice of the Australian prime minister and state premiers about Australian and state constitutional matters, respectively.
Having agreed to the appointment, the monarch then permits it to be publicly announced in advance, usually several months before the end of the current Governor-General's term. During these months, the person is referred to as the Governor-General-designate. The actual appointment is made by the monarch. After receiving his or her commission, the Governor-General takes an Oath of Allegiance to the Australian monarch, an Oath of Office, undertaking to serve Australia's monarch "according to law, in the office of Governor-General of the Commonwealth of Australia", and issues a proclamation assuming office.[4] The oaths are usually taken in a ceremony on the floor of the Senate and are administered by the Chief Justice of Australia in the presence of the Prime Minister of Australia, the Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives, and the President of the Australian Senate.[citation needed]
Styles and titles of Governors-General[edit]
Governors-General have during their tenure the style His/Her Excellency the Honourable and their spouses have the style His/Her Excellency. Since May 2013, the style used by a former Governor-General is the Honourable; it was at the same time retrospectively granted for life to all previous holders of the office.[7]
From the creation of the Order of Australia in 1975, the Governor-General was, ex officio, Chancellor and Principal Companion of the Order, and therefore became entitled to the post-nominal AC. In 1976, the Letters Patent for the Order were amended to introduce the rank of Knight and Dame to the Order, and from that time the Governor-General became, ex officio, the Chancellor and Principal Knight of the Order. In 1986 the Letters Patent were amended again, and Governors-General appointed from that time were again, ex officio, entitled to the post-nominal AC (although if they already held a knighthood in the Order that superior rank was retained).
Until 1989, all Governors-General were members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom and thus held the additional style the Right Honourable for life. The same individuals were also usually either peers, knights, or both (the only Australian peer to be appointed as Governor-General was the Lord Casey; and Sir William McKell was knighted only in 1951, some years into his term, but he was entitled to the style "The Honourable" during his tenure as Premier of New South Wales, an office he held until almost immediately before his appointment). In 1989, Bill Hayden, a republican, declined appointment to the British Privy Council and any imperial honours. From that time until 2014, Governors-General did not receive automatic titles or honours, other than the post-nominal AC by virtue of being Chancellor and Principal Companion of the Order of Australia. Dame Quentin Bryce was the first Governor-General to have had no prior title or pre-nominal style. She was in office when, on 19 March 2014, the Queen, acting on the advice of Prime Minister Tony Abbott, amended the Letters Patent of the Order of Australia to provide, inter alia, that the Governor-General would be, ex officio, Principal Knight or Principal Dame of the Order. Until 2015, the honour continued after the retirement from office of the Governor-General. Formerly, the Governor-General automatically became a knight or dame (if he or she was not already one previously) upon being sworn in.[8]
Backgrounds of Governors-General[edit]
All the Governors-General until 1965 were British born, except for Australian-born Sir Isaac Isaacs (1931–36) and Sir William McKell (1947–53). There have been only Australian occupants since then, although Sir Ninian Stephen (1982–89) had been born in Britain. Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, was a senior member of the Royal family. Dame Quentin Bryce, Governor-General 2008-2014, was the first woman to be appointed to the office. Sir Isaac Isaacs and Sir Zelman Cowen were Jewish; Bill Hayden is an avowed atheist and he made an affirmation rather than swear an oath at the beginning of his commission; the remaining Governors-General have been at least nominally Christian.
Various Governor-General had previously served as governors of an Australian state or colony: Lord Hopetoun (Victoria 1889–95); Lord Tennyson (South Australia 1899–1902); Lord Gowrie (South Australia 1928–34; and New South Wales 1935–36); Major General Michael Jeffery (Western Australia 1993–2000); Dame Quentin Bryce (Queensland 2003–08). Sir Ronald Munro Ferguson had been offered the governorship of South Australia in 1895 and of Victoria in 1910, but refused both appointments. Lord Northcote was Governor of Bombay. Lord Casey was Governor of Bengal in between his periods of service to the Australian Parliament.
Former leading politicians and members of the judiciary have figured prominently. Lord Dudley was Lord Lieutenant of Ireland 1902–05. Lord Stonehaven (as John Baird) was Minister for Transport in the Cabinets of Bonar Law and Stanley Baldwin; and after his return to Britain he became Chairman of the UK Conservative Party. Sir Isaac Isaacs was successively Commonwealth Attorney-General, a High Court judge, and Chief Justice. Sir William McKell was Premier of New South Wales. Lord Dunrossil (as William Morrison) was Speaker of the UK House of Commons. Lord De L'Isle was Secretary of State for Air in Winston Churchill's Cabinet 1951–55. More recent Governors-General in this category include Lord Casey, Sir Paul Hasluck, Sir John Kerr, Sir Ninian Stephen, Bill Hayden and Sir William Deane.
Of the ten Australians appointed governor-general since 1965, Lord Casey, Sir Paul Hasluck and Bill Hayden were former federal parliamentarians; Sir John Kerr was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New South Wales; Sir Ninian Stephen and Sir William Deane were appointed from the bench of the High Court; Sir Zelman Cowen was a vice-chancellor of the University of Queensland and constitutional lawyer; Peter Hollingworth was the Anglican Archbishop of Brisbane; and Major-General Michael Jeffery was a retired military officer and former Governor of Western Australia. Quentin Bryce's appointment was announced during her term as Governor of Queensland; she had previously been the Federal Sex Discrimination Commissioner.
Significant post-retirement activities of earlier Governors-General have included: Lord Tennyson was appointed Deputy Governor of the Isle of Wight; Sir Ronald Munro Ferguson (by now Lord Novar) became Secretary of State for Scotland; and Lord Gowrie became Chairman of the Marylebone Cricket Club (Lord Forster had also held this post, before his appointment as Governor-General).
Tenure[edit]
The constitution does not set a term of office, so a Governor-General may continue to hold office for any agreed length of time; however, a typical term of office is five years. At the end of this period, a commission is occasionally extended for a short time.[4]
The salary of the Governor-General is regulated by the constitution, which fixed an annual amount of 10,000 pounds, unless the Parliament decides otherwise. The salary of the Governor-General cannot be "altered" during his or her term of office.[9] Under the Governor-General Act 1974 (Cth), each new commission has resulted in a pay increase. Today, the law ensures the salary is higher than that for the Chief Justice of the High Court, over a five-year period. The annual salary during Michael Jeffery's term was $365,000. Quentin Bryce's salary was $394,000.[10] The current salary is $425,000 and there is a generous pension.[11] Until 2001, Governors-General did not pay income tax on their salary; this was changed after the Queen agreed to pay tax.[10]
Three Governors-General have resigned their commission. The first Governor-General, Lord Hopetoun, asked to be recalled to Britain in 1903 over a dispute about funding for the post. Sir John Kerr resigned in 1977, with his official reason being his decision to accept the position of Australian Ambassador to UNESCO in Paris, a post which ultimately he did not take up. In 2003, Archbishop Peter Hollingworth voluntarily stood aside while controversial allegations against him were managed, and the letters patent of the office were amended to take account of this circumstance. He later "stepped down over the church's handling" of "allegations" of sexual abuse of boys, for which he apologised before the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse in 2016.[12] In 1961, Lord Dunrossil became the first and, to date, only Governor-General to die while holding office.
A Governor-General may be recalled or dismissed by the monarch before their term is complete. By convention, this may only be upon advice from the prime minister, who retains responsibility for selecting an immediate replacement or letting the vacancy provisions take effect. No Australian Governor-General has ever been dismissed, and it is unclear how quickly the monarch would act on such advice. The constitutional crisis of 1975 raised the possibility of the prime minister and the Governor-General attempting to dismiss each other at the same time.
A vacancy occurs on the resignation, death, or incapacity of the Governor-General. A temporary vacancy occurs when the Governor-General is overseas on official business representing Australia. A temporary vacancy also occurred in 2003 when Peter Hollingworth stood aside.
Section 4 of the constitution allows the Queen to appoint an administrator to carry out the role of Governor-General when there is a vacancy.[13] By convention, the longest-serving state governor holds a dormant commission, allowing an assumption of office to commence whenever a vacancy occurs. In 1975, Labor Prime Minister Gough Whitlam advised the Queen that Sir Colin Hannah, then Governor of Queensland, should have his dormant commission revoked for having made public political statements.
Constitutional role and functions[edit]





The neutrality of this section is disputed. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. Please do not remove this message until conditions to do so are met. (December 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Further information: Australian head of state dispute
The Constitution of Australia, section 2, provides:

A Governor-General appointed by the Queen shall be Her Majesty's representative in the Commonwealth, and shall have and may exercise in the Commonwealth during the Queen's pleasure, but subject to this Constitution, such powers and functions of the Queen as Her Majesty may be pleased to assign to him.[14]

Such further powers are currently set out in letters patent of 2008 from Queen Elizabeth II; these contain no substantive powers, but provide for the case of a Governor-General's absence or incapacity.[15] The constitution also provides that the Governor-General is the monarch's "representative" in exercising the executive power of the Commonwealth (section 61) and as commander-in-chief of the armed forces (section 68).[16]
Australian Solicitor-General Maurice Byers stated in 1974: "The constitutional prescription is that executive power is exercisable by the Governor-General although vested in the Queen. What is exercisable is original executive power: that is, the very thing vested in the Queen by section 61. And it is exercisable by the Queen's representative, not her delegate or agent."[17]




The letters patent issued by Queen Victoria in 1900 creating the office of Governor-General


The 1988 Constitutional Commission report explained: "the Governor-General is in no sense a delegate of the Queen. The independence of the office is highlighted by changes which have been made in recent years to the Royal Instruments relating to it."[18] The changes occurred in 1984 when Queen Victoria's letters patent and instructions were revoked and replaced with new letters patent,[19] on Prime Minister Bob Hawke's advice, who stated that this would clarify the Governor-General's position under the constitution.[20][21]
This remains the case even when the sovereign is in the country: Solicitor-General Kenneth Bailey, prior to the first tour of Australia by its reigning monarch in 1954, explained the position by saying:

the Constitution expressly vests in the Governor-General the power or duty to perform a number of the Crown's functions in the Legislature and the Executive Government of the Commonwealth... The executive power of the Commonwealth, by section 61 of the Constitution, is declared to be vested in the Queen. It is also, in the same section, declared to be "exercisable" by the Governor-General as the Queen's representative. In the face of this provision, I feel it is difficult to contend that the Queen, even though present in Australia, may exercise in person functions of executive government which are specifically assigned by the constitution to the Governor-General."[17]

As early as 1901, the authoritative commentary by Quick and Garran had noted that the Governor-General of Australia was distinguished from other Empire Governors-General by the fact that "[t]he principal and most important of his powers and functions, legislative as well as executive, are expressly conferred on him by the terms of the Constitution itself ... not by Royal authority, but by statutory authority".[22] This view was also held by Senior Judge of the Supreme Court of Tasmania Andrew Inglis Clark, who, with W. Harrison Moore (a contributor to the first draft of the constitution put before the 1897 Adelaide Convention and professor of law at the University of Melbourne), postulated that the letters patent and the royal instructions issued by Queen Victoria were unnecessary "or even of doubtful legality".[23]
The monarch chose not to intervene during the 1975 Australian constitutional crisis, in which Governor-General Sir John Kerr dismissed the Labor government of Gough Whitlam, on the basis that such a decision is a matter "clearly placed within the jurisdiction of the Governor-General". Through her Private Secretary, she wrote that she "has no part in the decisions which the Governor-General must take in accordance with the Constitution".[24] In an address to the Sydney Institute, January 2007, in connection with that event, Sir David Smith, a retired Official Secretary to the Governor-General of Australia, described the constitution as conferring the powers and functions of Australia's head of state on the Governor-General in "his own right". He stated that the Governor-General was more than a representative of the sovereign, explaining: "under section 2 of the Constitution the Governor-General is the Queen's representative and exercises certain royal prerogative powers and functions; under section 61 of the Constitution the Governor-General is the holder of a quite separate and independent office created, not by the Crown, but by the Constitution, and empowered to exercise, in his own right as Governor-General... all the powers and functions of Australia's head of state."[17]
Role in Australia's parliament[edit]
The constitution describes the parliament of the commonwealth as consisting of the Queen, the Senate and the House of Representatives. Section 5 states that "the Governor-General may appoint such times for holding the sessions of the Parliament ... prorogue the Parliament [and] dissolve the House of Representatives." These provisions make it clear that the Queen's role in the parliament is in name only and the actual responsibility belongs to the Governor-General. Such decisions are usually taken on the advice of the prime minister, although that is not stated in the constitution.
The Governor-General has a ceremonial role in swearing in and accepting the resignations of Members of Parliament. They appoint a deputy, to whom members make an oath of allegiance before they take their seats. On the day parliament opens, the Governor-General makes a speech, entirely written by the government, explaining the government's proposed legislative program.
The most important power is found in section 58: "When a proposed law passed by both Houses of Parliament is presented to the Governor-General for the Queen's assent, he shall declare ... that he assents in the Queen's name." The Royal Assent brings such laws into effect, as legislation, from the date of signing.
Sections 58 to 60 allow the Governor-General to withhold assent, suggest changes, refer to the Queen or proclaim that the Queen has annulled the legislation. A number of Governors-General have reserved Royal Assent for particular legislation for the Queen. Such assent has usually been given during a scheduled visit to Australia by the Queen. On other occasions Royal Assent has been given elsewhere. Examples of this have been the Flags Act (1953), the Royal Styles and Titles Acts (1953 and 1973), and the Australia Act (1986).
Role in executive government[edit]
At the start of Chapter 2 on executive government, the constitution says "The executive power of the Commonwealth is vested in the Queen and is exercisable by the Governor-General as the Queen's representative". The Governor-General presides over a Federal Executive Council. By convention, the prime minister is appointed to this council and advises as to which parliamentarians shall become ministers and parliamentary secretaries.
In the constitution, the words "Governor-General-in-council" mean the Governor-General acting with the advice of the Council. Powers exercised in council, which are not reserve powers, include:

establishing government departments
appointing federal judges, and
appointing ambassadors and high commissioners.

All such actions are taken on the advice of ministers.
Section 68, says "command-in-chief of naval and military forces ... is vested in the Governor-General as the Queen's representative". In practice, that role is ceremonial, with actual authority in the hands of the Defence Minister and the Chief of the Defence Force (CDF).
In an administrative sense, the office of Governor-General is regulated by the Governor-General Act 1974.
Reserve powers[edit]
In the United Kingdom, the reserve powers of the monarch (which are typically referred to as the "royal prerogative")[25] are not explicitly stated in constitutional enactments, and are the province of convention and common law.[26] In Australia, however, the powers are explicitly given to the Governor-General in the constitution; it is their use that is the subject of convention.[27]
The reserve powers are:

The power to dissolve (or refuse to dissolve) the House of Representatives. (Section 5 of the constitution)
The power to dissolve Parliament on the occasion of a deadlock. (Section 57)
The power to withhold assent to Bills. (Section 58)
The power to appoint (or dismiss) Ministers. (Section 64)

Those powers are generally and routinely exercised on ministerial advice, but the Governor-General retains the ability to act independently in certain circumstances, as governed by convention. It is generally held that the Governor-General may use powers without ministerial advice in the following situations:

if an election results in a parliament in which no party has a majority, the Governor-General may select the prime minister
if a prime minister loses the support of the House of Representatives, the Governor-General may appoint a new prime minister
if a prime minister advises a dissolution of the House of Representatives, the Governor-General may refuse that request, or request further reasons why it should be granted. It is worth noting that convention does not give the Governor-General the ability to dissolve either the House of Representatives or the Senate without advice.

The use of the reserve powers may arise in the following circumstances:

if a prime minister advises a dissolution of Parliament on the occasion of a deadlock between the Houses, the Governor-General may refuse that request
if the Governor-General is not satisfied with a legislative Bill as presented, they may refuse Royal Assent
if a prime minister resigns after losing a vote of confidence, the Governor-General may select a new replacement contrary to the advice of the outgoing prime minister
if a prime minister is unable to obtain Supply and refuses to resign or advise a dissolution, the Governor-General may dismiss him or her and appoint a new prime minister.

The above is not an exhaustive list, and new situations may arise. The most notable use of the reserve powers occurred in November 1975, in the course of the 1975 Australian constitutional crisis. On this occasion the Governor-General, Sir John Kerr, dismissed the government of Gough Whitlam when the Senate withheld Supply to the government, even though Whitlam retained the confidence of the House of Representatives. Kerr determined that he had both the right and the duty to dismiss the government and commission a new government that would recommend a dissolution of the Parliament.[citation needed] Events surrounding the dismissal remain extremely controversial.
Ceremonial role[edit]




Viscount Dunrossil, 14th Governor-General of Australia (1960-61), in his court uniform, with his vice-regal consort, Viscountess Dunrossil.


In addition to the formal constitutional role, the Governor-General has a representative and ceremonial role, though the extent and nature of that role has depended on the expectations of the time, the individual in office at the time, the wishes of the incumbent government, and the individual's reputation in the wider community. Governors-General generally become patrons of various charitable institutions, present honours and awards, host functions for various groups of people including ambassadors to and from other countries, and travel widely throughout Australia. Sir William Deane (Governor-General 1996-2001) described one of his functions as being "Chief Mourner" at prominent funerals. In Commentaries on the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Australia, Garran noted that, since the Australian executive is national in nature (being dependent on the nationally elected House of Representatives, rather than the Senate), "the Governor-General, as the official head of the Executive, does not in the smallest degree represent any federal element; if he represents anything he is the image and embodiment of national unity and the outward and visible representation of the Imperial relationship of the Commonwealth".[28]




Flag of the Governor-General of Australia since 1936


That role can become controversial, however, if the Governor-General becomes unpopular with sections of the community. The public role adopted by Sir John Kerr was curtailed considerably after the constitutional crisis of 1975; Sir William Deane's public statements on political issues produced some hostility towards him; and some charities disassociated themselves from Peter Hollingworth after the issue of his management of sex abuse cases during his time as Anglican Archbishop of Brisbane became a matter of controversy.
At one time, Governors-General wore the traditional court uniform, consisting of a dark navy wool double-breasted coatee with silver oak leaf and fern embroidery on the collar and cuffs trimmed with silver buttons embossed with the Royal Arms and with bullion edged epaulettes on the shoulders, dark navy trousers with a wide band of silver oak-leaf braid down the outside seam, silver sword belt with ceremonial sword, bicorne cocked hat with plume of ostrich feathers, black patent leather Wellington boots with spurs, etc., that is worn on ceremonial occasions.[29] There is also a tropical version made of white tropical wool cut in a typical military fashion worn with a plumed helmet. However, that custom fell into disuse during the tenure of Sir Paul Hasluck. The Governor-General now wears an ordinary lounge suit if a man or day dress if a woman.
Official state car[edit]




1970 Rolls-Royce Phantom VI limousine, the official car used on ceremonial occasions to transport the Governor-General of Australia and visiting heads of state.






Governor-General's Holden WM Caprice with St. Edward's Crown on the number plate


The Governor-General travels in a Rolls-Royce Phantom VI limousine for ceremonial occasions, such as the State Opening of Parliament.[30] They more commonly use Australian-built luxury cars[citation needed] when on official business. The official cars of the Governor-General fly the Flag of the Governor-General of Australia and display St. Edward's Crown instead of number plates. A similar arrangement is used for the governors of the six states. When the Queen is in Australia, the Queen's Personal Australian Flag is flown on the car in which she is travelling. During the Queen's 2011 visit to Australia, she and the Duke of Edinburgh were driven in a Range Rover Vogue.
History[edit]




The Earl of Hopetoun, the first Governor-General, 1901–1903






Sir Isaac Isaacs, the first Australian-born Governor-General, 1931–1936


The office of Governor-General was previously used during the mid-19th century in Australia. Sir Charles FitzRoy (Governor of New South Wales from 1846–1855) and Sir William Denison (Governor of New South Wales from 1855–1861) also carried the additional title of Governor-General because their jurisdiction extended to other colonies in Australia.[31]
The office of Governor-General for the Commonwealth of Australia was conceived during the debates and conventions leading up to federation. The first Governor-General, the Earl of Hopetoun, was a previous Governor of Victoria. He was appointed in July 1900, returning to Australia shortly before the inauguration of the Commonwealth of Australia on 1 January 1901. After the initial confusion of the Hopetoun Blunder, he appointed the first Prime Minister of Australia, Edmund Barton, to a caretaker government, with the inaugural 1901 federal election not occurring until March.
Early Governors-General were British and were appointed by the Queen or King on the recommendation of the Colonial Office. The Australian Government was merely asked, as a matter of courtesy, whether they approved of the choice or not. Governors-General were expected[by whom?] to exercise a supervisory role over the Australian Government in the manner of a colonial governor. In a very real sense, they represented the British Government. They had the right to "reserve" legislation passed by the Parliament of Australia: in other words, to ask the Colonial Office in London for an opinion before giving the royal assent.[32] They exercised this power several times. The Queen (that is, the UK monarch acting upon advice of the British Government) could also disallow any Australian legislation up to a year after the Governor-General had given it the assent; although this power has never been used.[33] These powers remain in the constitution, but today are regarded as dead letters.
The early Governors-General frequently sought advice on the exercise of their powers from two judges of the High Court of Australia, Sir Samuel Griffith and Sir Edmund Barton.[34] That practice has continued from time to time.
During the 1920s, the importance of the position declined. As a result of decisions made at the 1926 Imperial Conference, the Governor-General ceased to represent the British Government diplomatically, and the British right of supervision over Australian affairs was abolished. As the Balfour Declaration of 1926, later implemented as the Statute of Westminster 1931, put it:

It is desirable formally to place on record a definition of the position held by the Governor-General as His Majesty's representative in the Dominions. That position, though now generally well recognised, undoubtedly represents a development from an earlier stage when the Governor-General was appointed solely on the advice of His Majesty's Ministers in London and acted also as their representative. In our opinion it is an essential consequence of the equality of status existing among the members of the British Commonwealth of Nations that the Governor-General of a Dominion is the representative of the Crown, holding in all essential respects the same position in relation to the administration of public affairs in the Dominion as is held by His Majesty the King in Great Britain, and that he is not the representative or agent of His Majesty's Government in Great Britain or of any Department of that Government.

However, it remained unclear just whose prerogative it now became to decide who new Governors-General would be. In 1930, King George V and the Australian Prime Minister James Scullin discussed the appointment of a new Governor-General to replace Lord Stonehaven, whose term was coming to an end. The King maintained that it was now his sole prerogative to choose a Governor-General, and he wanted Field-Marshal Sir William Birdwood for the Australian post. Scullin recommended the Australian jurist Sir Isaac Isaacs, and he insisted that George V act on the advice of his Australian prime minister in this matter. Scullin was partially influenced by the precedent set by the Government of the Irish Free State, which always insisted upon having an Irishman as the Governor-General of the Irish Free State.
The King approved Scullin's choice, albeit with some displeasure. The usual wording of official announcements of this nature read "The King has been pleased to appoint ...", but on this occasion the announcement said merely "The King has appointed ...", and his Private Secretary (Lord Stamfordham) asked the Solicitor-General, Sir Robert Garran, to make sure Scullin was aware of the exact wording.[35] The opposition Nationalist Party of Australia denounced the appointment as "practically republican", but Scullin had set a precedent. The convention gradually became established throughout the Commonwealth that the Governor-General is a citizen of the country concerned, and is appointed on the advice of the government of that country.
In 1931, the transformation was concluded with the appointment of the first Australian Governor-General, Isaacs, and the first British Representative in Australia, Ernest Crutchley. 1935 saw the appointment of the first British High Commissioner to Australia, Geoffrey Whiskard (in office 1936-1941).
After Scullin's defeat in 1931, non-Labor governments continued to recommend British people for appointment as Governor-General, but such appointments remained solely a matter between the Australian government and the monarch. In 1947, Labor appointed a second Australian Governor-General, William McKell, who was in office as the Labor Premier of New South Wales. The then Leader of the Opposition, Robert Menzies, called McKell's appointment "shocking and humiliating".[36]
In 1965 the Menzies conservative government appointed an Australian, Lord Casey, and thereafter only Australians have held the position. Suggestions during the early 1980s that the Prince of Wales might become the Governor-General came to nothing due to the prospective constitutional difficulty that might ensue if Prince Charles became King.[citation needed] In 2007 media outlets reported that Prince William might become Governor-General of Australia. Both the Prime Minister, John Howard, and Clarence House repudiated the suggestion.[37][38]
Patronage[edit]
The Governor-General is generally invited to become Patron of various charitable and service organisations. Historically the Governor-General has also served as Chief Scout of Australia. The Chief Scout is nominated by the Scouting Association's National Executive Committee and is invited by the President of the Scout Association to accept the appointment.[39] Bill Hayden declined the office on the grounds of his atheism, which was incompatible with the Scout Promise.[40] He did however serve as the Association's Patron during his term of office.
Spouse[edit]
Main article: Spouse of the Governor-General of Australia
Spouses of Governors-General have no official duties but carry out the role of a Vice-Regal consort. They are entitled to the courtesy style Her Excellency or His Excellency during the office-holder's term of office. Most spouses of Governors-General have been content to be quietly supportive. Some, however, have been notable in their own right, such as Dame Alexandra Hasluck, Lady Casey and Michael Bryce.
List[edit]
Main article: List of Governors-General of Australia
Living former Governors-General[edit]
As of January 2017[update] there are six living former Governors-General of Australia. The most recently deceased Governor-General, Sir Zelman Cowen (1977–1982), died on 8 December 2011.


Name
Term of office
Date of birth


Sir Ninian Stephen
1982–1989
(1923-06-15) 15 June 1923 (age 94)


Bill Hayden
1989–1996
(1933-01-23) 23 January 1933 (age 84)


Sir William Deane
1996–2001
(1931-01-04) 4 January 1931 (age 86)


Peter Hollingworth
2001–2003
(1935-04-10) 10 April 1935 (age 82)


Michael Jeffery
2003–2008
(1937-12-12) 12 December 1937 (age 79)


Dame Quentin Bryce
2008–2014
(1942-12-23) 23 December 1942 (age 74)


Timeline of Governors-General[edit]



























See also[edit]

History of Australia
Constitutional history of Australia
Chapter II of the Constitution of Australia
Governors of the Australian states
British Empire
Royal Australian Air Force VIP aircraft
Governor-general (links to other countries which have Governors-General)
Australian VIP transport

References[edit]


^ Governor-General Retrieved 21 March 2016.
^ a b Governor-General of the Commonwealth of Australia—official website Retrieved 1 January 2015.
^ Constitution sections 2, 61 and 68.
^ a b c d Official website—the Governor-General's role Retrieved 1 January 2015.
^ "Governor-General Quentin Bryce backs gay marriage, Australia becoming a republic in Boyer Lecture". ABC News. Retrieved 22 November 2013. 
^ Gavin Souter, Acts of Parliament, pp. 266–269
^ The title 'the Honourable' for Governors-General, Australian Government Special Gazette S No. 54 of 2013.
^ Prime Minister's media release "A New Honour for Pre-eminent Australians", 25 March 2014 Retrieved 2 May 2014
^ Constitution section 3.
^ a b Herald Sun, 18 June 2008, Governor-General Quentin Bryce to get pay rise
^ Governor-General Act 1974 (Cth), sections 3 and 4; the pension is 60% of the salary of the Chief Justice at the end of the Governor-General's term.
^ “Former Anglican Archbishop of Brisbane Apologizes.” Retrieved 21 June 2016).
^ Constitution section 4.
^ Constitution, section 2.
^ Letters Patent, 21 August 2008. They also provide for appointment of a deputy, although this has never been done.
^ Constitution, sections 61 and 68.
^ a b c A Mate for Head of State
^ http://www.samuelgriffith.org.au/papers/html/volume8/v8chap8.htm
^ Office of Governor-General of the Commonwealth of Australia - Principal - Letters Patent - 21 August 1984, Prerogative Instrument - C2004Q00670[1]
^ David Smith, The Role of the Governor-General
^ Statement by the Prime Minister to the House of Representatives, Parliamentary Debates, Vol. H of R. 138, 24 August 1984, p. 380. The Prime Minister tabled a copy of the amended Letters Patent relating to the office of Governor-General, together with the text of a statement relating to the document, but for some unknown reason he did not read the statement to the House, nor did he seek leave to have it incorporated in Hansard. The statement was later issued by the Prime Minister's Press Office.[2]
^ Quick, John; Garran, Robert Randolph (1901). The Annotated Constitution of the Australian Commonwealth. Sydney: Angus & Robertson.  p 390.
^ "The Governor-General is our Head of State"
^ "House of Representatives Practice (5th Edition)". Parliament of Australia. Retrieved 15 December 2014. 
^ "Royal prerogative". A Dictionary of British History, online edition. Oxford University Press.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Maer, Lucinda; Oonagh, Gay (30 December 2009). "The Royal Prerogative" (PDF). House of Commons Library. Retrieved 17 January 2013. 
^ Sir Garfield Barwick (17–19 November 1995). "A View of the External Affairs Power". Retrieved 17 January 2011. 
^ p700
^ Dress worn at His Majesty's court : issued with the authority of the Lord Chamberlain (1912), pp. 49, 50
^ "USRS Australia: Blog for the U.S. Mission to Australia". Usrsaustralia.state.gov. Archived from the original on 1 January 2012. Retrieved 12 December 2011. 
^ http://members.ozemail.com.au/~natinfo/colony3-3.htm
^ Constitution section 58.
^ Constitution section 59.
^ Donald Markwell, "Griffith, Barton and the Early Governor-Generals: Aspects of Australia's Constitutional Development" (1999) 10 Public Law Review 280.
^ Gavin Souter, Acts of Parliament, p. 269
^ Lamont, Leonie (11 March 2004). "Signposts". Sydney Morning Herald. 37.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Squires, Nick (30 June 2007). "Australians reject role for Prince William". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved 17 October 2015. 
^ Pierce, Andrew (23 November 2009). "Prince William and Prince Harry: A firm foundation for the brothers in arms". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved 17 October 2015. 
^ "Chief Scout". Scouts Australia. Archived from the original on 12 October 2007. Retrieved 15 November 2007. 
^ "Brief Comments". On Target from Australia. Australian League of Rights. 25 (13). 14 April 1989. Archived from the original on 4 December 2007. Retrieved 15 November 2007. 


Further reading[edit]

Cowen, Sir Zelman (2006). A Public Life: The Memoirs of Zelman Cowen. Melbourne: Miegunyah Press. 
Cunneen, Christopher (1983). King's Men: Australia's Governors-General from Hopetoun to Isaacs. Sydney: Allen & Unwin. ISBN 0-86861-238-3. 
Gerangelos, George A., ed. (2013). Winterton's Australian Federal Constitutional Law (3 ed.). Pyrmont, NSW: Thomson Reuters. ISBN 978-0-45523-041-2. 
Hayden, Bill (1996). Hayden: an Autobiography. Pymble, NSW: Angus & Robertson. ISBN 0-207-18769-X.  (pp 515, 519, 548)
Markwell, Donald (1999). "Griffith, Barton and the Early Governor-Generals: Aspects of Australia's Constitutional Development". Public Law Review. 10: 280. 
Markwell, Donald (2016). Constitutional Conventions and the Headship of State: Australian Experience. Connor Court. ISBN 9781925501155. 
Williams, George; Brennan, Sean; Lynch, Andrew (2014). Blackshield and Williams Australian Constitutional Law and Theory (6 ed.). Annandale, NSW: Federation Press. ISBN 978-1-86287-918-8. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Governors-General of Australia.



"The Office of the Governor-General". Official website. Retrieved 1 January 2015. 
"Governors-General". Australian Government. Retrieved 1 January 2015. 
"Letters Patent, 21 August 1984". Federal Register of Legislation. Retrieved 25 March 2017. 
"Governor-General Act 1974 (Cth)". Federal Register of Legislation. Retrieved 25 March 2017. 
"The Constitution (full text download)". Federal Register of Legislation. Retrieved 25 March 2017.  "The Constitution as in force on 1 June 2003 together with proclamation declaring the establishment of the Commonwealth, letters patent relating to the Office of Governor-General, Statute of Westminster Adoption Act 1942, Australia Act 1986."
A Mirror to the People a 58-minute documentary film on the Office of Governor-General of Australia 1999. Dir: Daryl Dellora. Features Sir William Deane, Sir Zelman Cowen, Sir Ninian Stephen. Special Commendation ATOM Awards.







v
t
e


Governors-General of Australia









Hopetoun
Tennyson
Northcote
Dudley
Denman
Novar
Forster
Stonehaven
Isaacs
Gowrie
Gloucester
McKell
Slim
Dunrossil
De L'Isle
Casey
Hasluck
Kerr
Cowen
Stephen
Hayden
Deane
Hollingworth
Jeffery
Bryce
Cosgrove















v
t
e


Parliament of Australia



Components



Queen (represented by the Governor-General)
Senate
House of Representatives








Parliamentary
officers




Senate



President of the Australian Senate
Clerk
Leader of the Government in the Senate
Manager of Government Business
Leader of the Opposition in the Senate
Manager of Opposition Business
Whips (list)





House of
Representatives



Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives
Clerk
Prime Minister
Leader of the House
Leader of the Opposition
Manager of Opposition Business
Whips (list)








Members



Served in both houses
Represented multiple states
30+ years
Father of the Parliament




Senate



Current (previous)
Appointees
Women
Father of the Senate





House of
Representatives



Current (previous)
Women
Father of the House








Procedure



Speech from the throne
Joint meetings
Question time
Matter of public importance
Readings of bills
Queen's Consent
Royal assent
List of Acts of the Parliament of Australia
Committees: Senate | House of Reps





Elections



Last
Next
List
Double dissolution
Senate: Single transferable vote
House of Representatives: Instant-runoff voting
Two-party-preferred vote
Divisions
By-elections
Caretaker government
Court of Disputed Returns





Locations



Parliament House, Melbourne
Old Parliament House
Parliament House, Canberra












v
t
e


Politics of Australia



Commonwealth



Monarch
Governor-General
Prime Minister
Cabinet (Shadow Cabinet)
Executive Council
Ministry
Foreign relations


Parliament
House of Representatives
Senate
Opposition Leader


High Court
Lower courts


Constitution
Statute of Westminster
Australia Act








Federal elections



pre-1969
1969
1972
1974
1975
1977
1980
1983
1984
1987
1990
1993
1996
1998
2001
2004
2007
2010
2013
2016
next
by-elections





State/Territory
governments



Governors and Administrators
Premiers and Chief Ministers
Parliaments and Assemblies


NSW
Vic
Qld
WA
SA
Tas
ACT
NT





State/Territory
elections



Vic 2014
SA 2014
Tas 2014
NSW 2015
Qld 2015
ACT 2016
NT 2016
WA 2017


Vic 2018
SA 2018
Next Tas
NSW 2019
Next Qld
ACT 2020
NT 2020
WA 2021





Local government



NSW
Vic
Qld
WA
SA
Tas
NT





Political parties



Coalition (Liberal, National, Liberal National, Country Liberal)
Conservatives
Greens
Hinch
Katter
Labor
Lambie
Liberal Democrat
One Nation
Xenophon
Other parties












v
t
e


Constitution of Australia



Chapters



I: The Parliament
II: The Executive
III: Courts
IV: Finance and Trade
V: The States
VI: New States
VII: Miscellaneous
VIII: Amendments





Sections







1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99
100
101
102
103
104
105
106
107
108
109
110
111
112
113
114
115
116
117
118
119
120
121
122
123
124
125
126
127
128





51



Powers of
interstate trade and commerce
taxation
communication
defence
quarantine
fisheries
currency
banking
insurance
copyrights, patents and trademarks
naturalization and aliens
corporations
marriage
divorce
pensions
social security
race
immigration
external affairs
Pacific islands
acquisition of property
conciliation and arbitration
transition
referral
incident








Amendments



Category:Amendments to the Constitution of Australia
Referendums





Other documents



Statute of Westminster 1931
Statute of Westminster Adoption Act 1942
Australia Act 1986
Australian Constitution (Public Record Copy) Act 1990





Institutions



Constitutional Conventions (1998)
Governor-General
Monarchy
Parliament
High Court
Inter-State Commission





Theories and
doctrines



Responsible government
Separation of powers
Federalism
Reserved powers doctrine
Implied immunity of instrumentalities





Other topics



Australian constitutional law
Constitutional convention
Reserve power
Constitutional history of Australia
1975 Australian constitutional crisis
List of proposed states of Australia
Republicanism in Australia
Commerce clause












v
t
e


Australia articles



History







Timeline
Bibliography
Prehistory
Archaeology
European Exploration
1788–1850
1851–1900
1901–1945
Since 1945





By topic



Constitutional
Diplomatic
Economic
Federation
Immigration
Indigenous
Military
Monarchy
Railway








Geography







Climate
Continent
Deserts
Environment

issues


Earthquakes
Flora
Fauna
Forests
Geology
Islands
Mountains
Regions
Protected areas
Rivers





Subdivisions



States and Territories
Capitals
Cities








Politics







Constitution
Courts
Elections

Donations
Electoral system
Parties


Federal budget
Foreign relations
Government
Governor-General
Human rights

Intersex
LGBT


Intelligence and security
Law

Constitution
Judiciary
Enforcement


Military
Monarchy
National debt
Parliament
Public Service
Women

Government leaders
Government ministers










Economy







Agriculture
Dollar (currency)
Energy
Gross state product
Home ownership

Public housing


Household income
Manufacturing
Media
Mining
Poverty
Reserve Bank
Stock Exchange
Superannuation
Taxation
Telecommunications
Tourism
Transportation
Welfare system








Society







Crime
Demographics
Education
Ethnic groups
Healthcare
Homelessness
Immigration
Languages
Religion
Women





Culture



Architecture
Art
Arts
Australian English
Cinema
Cuisine
Dance
Literature
Music
Public holidays
Radio
Sport
Symbols
Television
Theatre












Outline
Index



Book
Category
Portal












v
t
e


Representatives of the monarch in Commonwealth realms and Dominions



National



Counsellors of State

 United Kingdom


Governors-general

 Antigua and Barbuda
 Australia
 Bahamas
 Barbados
 Belize
 Canada
 Grenada
 Jamaica
 New Zealand
 Papua New Guinea
 Saint Kitts and Nevis
 Saint Lucia
 Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
 Solomon Islands
 Tuvalu







Sub-national




 Australia



Governors

 New South Wales
 Queensland
 South Australia
 Tasmania
 Victoria
 Western Australia







 Canada



Lieutenant governors

 Alberta
 British Columbia
 Manitoba
 New Brunswick
 Newfoundland
 Nova Scotia
 Ontario
 Prince Edward Island
 Quebec
 Saskatchewan







 Realm of New Zealand



Governor-general

 Niue,  New Zealand


Queen's Representative

 Cook Islands


Administrator

 Tokelau







 United Kingdom



Lords lieutenant

 England,  Wales,  Scotland,  Northern Ireland (list










Former



Governors general

 Ceylon (now Sri Lanka)
 Fiji
 The Gambia
 Ghana
 Guyana
 India
 Irish Free State (now Ireland)
 Kenya
 Malawi
 Malta
 Mauritius
 Nigeria
 Pakistan
 Sierra Leone
 Union of South Africa
 Tanganyika
 Trinidad and Tobago
 Uganda














v
t
e


Heads of state and government of Oceania



Heads of state





Sovereign states




Australia
Fiji
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Nauru
New Zealand
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tonga
Tuvalu
Vanuatu






Associated states of New Zealand




Cook Islands
Niue








Heads of government





Sovereign states




Australia
Fiji
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Nauru
New Zealand
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tonga
Tuvalu
Vanuatu






Associated states of New Zealand




Cook Islands
Niue















v
t
e


Heads of state of the Group of 20






Macri (AR)
Elizabeth II (Governor-General: Cosgrove) (AU)
Temer (BR)
Elizabeth II (Governor General: Johnston) (CA)
Xi (CN)
Tusk (EU)
Macron (FR)
Steinmeier (DE)
Kovind (IN)
Jokowi (ID)
Mattarella (IT)
Akihito (JP)
Peña Nieto (MX)
Putin (RU)
Salman (SA)
Zuma (ZA)
Moon (KR)
Erdoğan (TR)
Elizabeth II (UK)
Trump (US)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Governor-General_of_Australia&oldid=789303919"					
Categories: Governors-General of AustraliaWestminster systemMonarchy in AustraliaGovernment of AustraliaParliament of AustraliaParliament of the Australian Capital Territory1975 Australian constitutional crisis1901 establishments in AustraliaHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse dmy dates from January 2017Use Australian English from August 2011All Wikipedia articles written in Australian EnglishArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2017All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2015NPOV disputes from December 2014All NPOV disputesArticles with unsourced statements from August 2012Articles with unsourced statements from January 2012Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from February 2014Articles with unsourced statements from June 2013Articles containing potentially dated statements from January 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


ÆngliscالعربيةČeštinaDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийScotsSimple EnglishکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSvenskaไทยУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 6 July 2017, at 16:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Software Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Software








Software Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


The software industry encompasses a raft of companies involved in the elaboration, maintenance, distribution and marketing of software. Software can be classified as follows: infrastructure, security, service automation, enterprise, content management, cloud computing software, etc. 
Globalization, increasing interest in information technologies, product innovations and technological advancements are the key factors driving the market growth. At the same time, software piracy, economic instability and currency fluctuations are the main market restraints. The US is the king of the software world in terms of production and development. IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, Google, Kaspersky, SAP AG, Apple, Symantec, Adobe and EMC are amid the most prominent players of the software global arena.
This MarketPublishers’ catalogue presents a slew of the research reports disclosing the current situation and historic evolution of the software market at all geographical levels. The research studies offer relevant data on the market size and structure; characterize major market trends and profile dominant market participants. The reports contain detailed analyses of different market segments and review the most recent business activities (mergers, acquisitions and collaborations). Besides, the research reports discuss future prospects for the market.





All Regions

--
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Global
                                                                                --Africa
                                                                                --East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                --Europe
                                                                                --Middle East
                                                                                --North America
                                                                                --South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Algeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Egypt
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Ghana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Kenya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Morocco
                                                                                                                                                        --Nigeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --South Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                                                        --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Japan
                                                                                                                    --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Malaysia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                        --Pakistan
                                                                                                                    --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Taiwan
                                                                                --Thailand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                        --Germany
                                                                                --Russia
                                                                                                                    --Ukraine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Austria
                                                                                                                                                        --Belgium
                                                                                                                    --Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                                                                                    --Bulgaria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Croatia
                                                                                                                    --Czech Republic
                                                                                --Denmark
                                                                                                                    --Estonia
                                                                                --Finland
                                                                                --France
                                                                                                                    --Greece
                                                                                                                    --Hungary
                                                                                --Iceland
                                                                                                                                                        --Ireland
                                                                                --Italy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Latvia
                                                                                --Lithuania
                                                                                --Luxembourg
                                                                                                                    --Malta
                                                                                                                                                        --Netherlands
                                                                                                                                                        --Norway
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Poland
                                                                                --Portugal
                                                                                --Romania
                                                                                                                                                        --Slovakia
                                                                                --Slovenia
                                                                                                                    --Spain
                                                                                --Sweden
                                                                                --Switzerland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Montenegro
                                                                                --Serbia
                                                                                Middle East
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Israel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Cyprus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Kuwait
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Saudi Arabia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Turkey
                                                                                --United Arab Emirates
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            North America
                                                                                                                --United States
                                                                                --Canada
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Anguilla
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bahamas
                                                                                --Barbados
                                                                                                                    --Bermuda
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Cayman Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Mexico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Argentina
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Brazil
                                                                                                                                                        --Chile
                                                                                                                    --Colombia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Peru
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Venezuela
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Software
--Application Software  --Operating System  --Programming Software  --Software Development  --Software & Technology Services Company Reports  --Video Games  

All Publishers 6Wresearch
                        9Dimen Research
                        AccuStream iMedia Research
                        Allied Market Research
                        AMID
                        Aruvian's R'search
                        ASKCI Consulting Co., Ltd
                        BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Barnes Reports
                        BCC Research
                        Beijing Zeefer Consulting
                        BisReport Information Consulting CO., Ltd
                        CHILDWISE
                        China Research and Intelligence
                        Chlue Research
                        Compass Intelligence
                        Daedal Research
                        DataGroup Booksellers
                        DataMarketResearch (DMR)
                        datamining
                        Detailed-Analysis Research (DAR)
                        Emerging Markets Direct
                        EU Research 
                        Euromonitor International
                        Evans Data Corporation
                        Feedback Consulting
                        Four-S Services Private Limited
                        GBI Research
                        Global Industry Analysts
                        GlobalData
                        GlobalInfoResearch
                        Grand View Research, Inc.
                        Gyan Research and Analytics Pvt. Ltd.
                        HeyReport
                        HJResearch
                        HnyB Insights
                        Huidian Research
                        ICON Group International
                        IDATE Consulting & Research
                        IDTechEx
                        IE Market Research Corporation
                        iGATE Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        IHL Consulting Group
                        Indagatio Research
                        IndustryARC
                        Infiniti Research
                        Infoholic Research
                        Information Trends
                        Innovative Research & Products
                        IS Advisors
                        JP Research
                        KBV Research
                        Ken Research 
                        Knowledge Sourcing Intelligence LLP
                        Koncept Analytics
                        Linarch Information Solutions
                        LP Information
                        Lucintel
                        Market and Business Development
                        Market Intelligence & Consulting Institute (MIC)
                        Market Research Future 
                        MarketLine
                        MarketsandMarkets
                        Meticulous Market Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        MicroMarketMonitor
                        Mind Commerce Publishing
                        NanoMarkets
                        Netscribes
                        Occams Business Research & Consulting
                        Omi Advisories
                        Orion Market Research Private Limited
                        Ovum
                        Parks Associates
                        Plimsoll Publishing
                        Plunkett Research, Ltd. 
                        Prof Research 
                        Progressive Markets (owned by Antviews Global)
                        QYResearch
                        Renub Research
                        ResearchFox Consulting 
                        ResearchInChina
                        RNCOS E-Services
                        S&P Consulting
                        SCRI International
                        Signals and Systems Telecom
                        Smart Research Insights
                        SMI
                        SNE Research
                        Stellar Analytics
                        Stratistics Market Research Consulting
                        Stratview Research
                        SunFaith China
                        TechSci Research
                        The Black Book of Outsourcing
                        The Business Research Company
                        The Insight Partners
                        Tuoda Research
                        US Market Insights (UMI)
                        Venture Planning Group
                        Visiongain
                        Williams & Marshall Strategy
                        WinterGreen Research
                        World Market Intelligence
                        Zion Market Research
                    



                            Found
                                 9960 publications                    



Global IC Card Management System Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... , it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in IC Card Management System industry. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type ... China Japan India Southeast Asia Others Main Product Type IC Card Management System Market, by Type Smart Door Lock Fingerprint Readers Fuel ...  Aug, 2017 118 pages


Europe Workforce Analytics Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Europe Workforce Analytics market. Chapter 1, to describe Workforce Analytics Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Workforce Analytics ...  Aug, 2017 118 pages


Europe CAE Software Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ... the CAE Software in Europe market,  ... Europe CAE Software market. Chapter 1, to describe CAE Software Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of CAE Software ...  Aug, 2017 115 pages


North America Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 1,500.00
The Digital Signage Software Market in North America is expected to register a CAGR of 9.1% during the forecast period (2017 – 2023). Digital signage is a vital part of information and advertising network in the present ...  Jul, 2017 74 pages


Latin America, Middle East & Africa Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 1,500.00
The Digital Signage Software Market in Latin America, Middle East and Africa is expected to register a CAGR of 12.8% during the forecast period ( ...  Jul, 2017 87 pages


Global Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 3,600.00
 ... Based on the component type, the Digital Signage Software market is segmented into Software and Services. The Software market is further segmented into Content Management ...  covers the analysis of key stake holders of the digital signage software market. Key companies profiled in the report include Stratacache,  ...  Jul, 2017 260 pages


Europe Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 1,500.00
The Digital Signage Software Market in Europe is expected to register a CAGR of 9.7% during the forecast period (2017 – 2023). Digital signage is a vital part of information and advertising network in the present era ...  Jul, 2017 86 pages


Asia Pacific Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 1,500.00
The Digital Signage Software Market in Asia Pacific is expected to register a CAGR of 12.6% during the forecast period (2017 – 2023). Digital signage is a vital part of information and advertising network in the present ...  Jul, 2017 87 pages


2017 Global Software Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 139 pages


2017 Global Software Defined Radio Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 138 pages


2017 Global Software-Defined Perimeter (SDP) Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 147 pages


2017 Global Software Defined Networking (SDN) Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 137 pages


2017 Global Software Defined Data Center (SDDC) Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 137 pages


2017 Global Software-as-a-Service (SaaS Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 141 pages


2017 Global Enterprise Social Software (ESS) Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 141 pages


2017 Global Accounting Softwares Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 150 pages


Global Retail E-commerce Software Industry Market Research 2017
US$ 2,600.00
 ...  are the Retail E-commerce Software market challenges to market growth? 10. What are the Retail E-commerce Software market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Retail E-commerce Software market ...  Jul, 2017 151 pages


Global IC Card Management System Market Research Report 2017-2022 By Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global IC Card Management System market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on IC Card Management System market. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type ...  Jul, 2017 131 pages


Global Accounting Software Market Report 2017
US$ 2,350.00
 ...  maintained a relatively optimistic growth, the past four years, Accounting Software market size to maintain the average annual growth rate of 5.89%  ... next few years, Accounting Software market size will be further expanded, we expect that by 2021 , The market size of the Accounting Software will reach 14300  ...  Jul, 2017 115 pages


Europe Data Quality Tools Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Europe Data Quality Tools market. Chapter 1, to describe Data Quality Tools Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Data Quality Tools ...  Jul, 2017 117 pages


Europe Antivirus Software Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Europe Antivirus Software market. Chapter 1, to describe Antivirus Software Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Antivirus Software ...  Jul, 2017 124 pages


Asia-Pacific Accounting Software Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Asia-Pacific Accounting Software market. Chapter 1, to describe Accounting Software Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Accounting Software ...  Jul, 2017 115 pages


Global and United States Antivirus & Security Software Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ...  all details inside analysis and opinion in Antivirus & Security Software industry. This report focus United States market, it covers details players regions product ... (Germany) F-Secure(Finland) NormanASA(Norway) Emsisoft(Austria) Key Regions United States California Texas New York Others Canada Mexico Europe Germany ...  Jul, 2017 118 pages


Asia-Pacific Retail E-commerce Software Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Asia-Pacific Retail E-commerce Software market. Chapter 1, to describe Retail E-commerce Software Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Retail E-commerce ...  Jul, 2017 118 pages


Asia-Pacific Educational Software Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Software University Education Software Adult Education Software Elderly Education Software Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Quality-oriented Education Software Examination-oriented Education Software There are 19 Chapters to deeply display the Asia-Pacific Educational Software market ...  Jul, 2017 116 pages


Youth Team and League Sports Software Market Strategies and Forecasts
US$ 4,200.00
 ... youth and recreational teams move to automated process The youth sports software is sold or given away free to teams, leagues and tournaments. Often a league will distribute the software to teams, clubs, or tournaments. Sometimes teams ...  Jul, 2017 737 pages


Global and Europe IC Card Management System Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022
US$ 2,960.00
 ...  details inside analysis and opinion in IC Card Management System industry. This report focus Global and Europe market, it covers details players regions product type and other details as following: Key Players Infineon Technologies ABNOTE Smart Card ...  Jul, 2017 116 pages


Global Software Market for Autonomous Cars 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ...  cars with autonomous levels of 3 or above. The software for autonomous car is the software that makes the car autonomous. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global software market for autonomous cars ...  of software for newly manufactured autonomous vehicles. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Technavio's report, Global Software Market for Autonomous ...  Jul, 2017 69 pages


Global Personal Finance Software Market 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ...  growth prospects of the global personal finance software market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the installations of personal finance software, which are downloaded as mobile ... , Global Personal Finance Software Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape ...  Jul, 2017 62 pages


Global Contract Life-cycle Management Software Market 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ... ABOUT CONTRACT LIFE-CYCLE MANAGEMENT Contract life cycle management software enables the organization to manage the life cycle of the contracts created or governed by the company. These include third-party contracts such as procurement, sales, leasing ...  global contract life-cycle management market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sale of contract life cycle management software license ...  Jul, 2017 92 pages


Global Brand Management Software Market 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ... , and marketing communications. Brand management software is a software for managing brand assets. The software includes several features for data management and organization of brand assets. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global brand management software market to grow ...  prospects of the global brand management software market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the new installations/volume of the brand management software market. The market is divided ...  Jul, 2017 69 pages


2017-2022 Global and Japan Antivirus & Security Software Market Analysis Report
US$ 2,670.00
 ... 2022, with a CAGR of xx%. This report studies the Antivirus & Security Software development status and future trend in Japan, focuses on top players in Japan, also splits Antivirus ...  Jul, 2017 126 pages


Global Oil and Gas Project Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Oil and Gas Project Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Oil and Gas Project Management Software development status and ...  Market segment by Type, Oil and Gas Project Management Software can be split into By Deployment By Module Market segment by Application, Oil and Gas Project Management Software can ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global Network Analysis Module (NAM) Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Network Analysis Module (NAM) market, analyzes and researches the Network Analysis Module (NAM) development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 108 pages


Global Live Video Streaming Services Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Live Video Streaming Services market, analyzes and researches the Live Video Streaming Services development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global IoT Operating Systems Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global IoT Operating Systems market, analyzes and researches the IoT Operating Systems development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global Human Capital Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Human Capital Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Human Capital Management Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 105 pages


Global Electronic Signature Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Electronic Signature Software market, analyzes and researches the Electronic Signature Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India  ...  China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Electronic Signature Software can be split into On-Premises Electronic Signature Software Mobile Electronic Signature Software Cloud Electronic Signature Software Market segment by Application, Electronic Signature Software can be split into Large ...  Jul, 2017 107 pages


Global Catalog Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Catalog Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Catalog Management Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 101 pages


Global Video Editor Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Video Editor market, analyzes and researches the Video Editor development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 100 pages


Global Translation Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Translation Software market, analyzes and researches the Translation Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 107 pages


Global Photo Editor Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Photo Editor market, analyzes and researches the Photo Editor development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software market, analyzes and researches the Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software development status and forecast in United ...  by Type, Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software can be split into On Premise Software On-demand/Cloud based (SAAS) Market segment by Application, Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software can ...  Jul, 2017 95 pages


Global Image Editor Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Image Editor market, analyzes and researches the Image Editor development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 108 pages


Global Enterprise Collaboration Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Enterprise Collaboration Software market, analyzes and researches the Enterprise Collaboration Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 93 pages


Global Drug Safety Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Drug Safety Software market, analyzes and researches the Drug Safety Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 97 pages


Global Construction Estimating Software Market 2017 Industry Research Report
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the Construction Estimating Software market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of players, regions, product and  ...  top players in global and major regions, and splits the Construction Estimating Software market by product and Application/end industries. The major players in global market include UDA ...  Jul, 2017 127 pages


Global Auto Repair Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Auto Repair Software market, analyzes and researches the Auto Repair Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 105 pages


Global Auto Dealer Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Auto Dealer Software market, analyzes and researches the Auto Dealer Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 103 pages


Global Audit Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Audit Software market, analyzes and researches the Audit Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 102 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:
























Monarchy of Australia - Wikipedia






















 






Monarchy of Australia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the monarchy of Australia. For information on the other countries which share the same person as monarch, see Commonwealth realm. For the current monarch of Australia, see Elizabeth II.





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




Queen of Australia



Federal




Coat of arms of Australia



Incumbent





Elizabeth II
since 6 February 1952





Details


Style
Her Majesty


Heir apparent
Charles, Prince of Wales


First monarch
Victoria


Formation
1 January 1901





Australia






This article is part of a series on the
politics and government of
Australia




Constitution



Constitution of Australia

Statute of Westminster Adoption Act

Australia Act









The Crown


Monarch: Elizabeth II

Governor-General: Sir Peter Cosgrove









Executive



Prime Minister: Malcolm Turnbull


Deputy Prime Minister: Barnaby Joyce

Federal Executive Council

Ministry




Current (71st)
Cabinet















Legislature


Parliament

Senate


President: Stephen Parry



House of Representatives


Speaker: Tony Smith



Opposition


Leader: Bill Shorten

Shadow Ministry












Judiciary


High Court
Lower Courts
Laws of Australia








Elections


Federal electoral system

Electoral divisions


Political parties
Recent elections




Federal: 2016
2013
2010





Federal by-elections
Referendums








States and territories



Governors and Administrators
Premiers and Chief Ministers
Parliaments and Assemblies
State courts
State electoral systems









Local government



NSW
Vic
Qld
WA
SA
Tas
NT









Related topics



Regions
Foreign relations
Defence Force
Public holidays
Republicanism










Other countries
Atlas








v
t
e





The monarchy of Australia is a form of government in which a hereditary king or queen serves as the nation's sovereign. Australia is governed under a form of constitutional monarchy, largely modelled on the Westminster system of parliamentary government, while incorporating features unique to the Constitution of Australia.
The present monarch is Elizabeth II, styled Queen of Australia,[1] who has reigned since 6 February 1952. She is represented in Australia by the Governor-General, in accordance with the Australian Constitution and letters patent from the Queen.[2][3][4] In each of the states, the monarch is represented by a governor, appointed directly by the Queen on the advice of each of her respective state governments.
The Australian monarch, besides reigning in Australia, separately serves as monarch for each of 15 other Commonwealth realms. This developed from the former colonial relationship between these countries and the United Kingdom, but they are now independent of each other and are legally distinct.



Contents


1 International and domestic aspects

1.1 Title
1.2 Finance
1.3 Succession


2 Personification of the state

2.1 Head of state


3 Constitutional role and royal prerogative

3.1 Executive

3.1.1 Foreign affairs


3.2 Parliament
3.3 Courts
3.4 States and territories


4 Cultural role

4.1 Royal presence and duties
4.2 Symbols
4.3 Religious role


5 Vice-regal residences
6 Australian Defence Force
7 History
8 List of Australian monarchs

8.1 Timeline of monarchs


9 See also
10 Bibliography
11 Notes
12 References
13 External links



International and domestic aspects[edit]

Further information: Commonwealth realm: The Crown in the Commonwealth realms

The monarch of Australia is the same person as the monarch of the 15 other Commonwealth realms within the 53-member Commonwealth of Nations; however, each country is sovereign and independent of the others.[5][6] On all matters of the Australian Commonwealth, the monarch is advised by Australian federal Ministers of the Crown,[7][8] and, effective with the Australia Act 1986, no British government can advise the monarch on any matters pertinent to Australia. Likewise, on all matters relating to any Australian state, the monarch is advised by the ministers of the Crown of that state. in 1999 the High Court held in Sue v Hill, that the Britain was a foreign power in regard to Australia's domestic and foreign affairs and it followed that a British citizen was a citizen of a foreign power and incapable of being a member of the Australian Parliament pursuant to Section 44 of the Constitution.[6][9] In 2001 the High Court held that until the United Kingdom became a foreign power, all British subjects were subjects of the Queen in right of the United Kingdom and thus could not be classified as aliens within the meaning of Section 51(xix) of the constitution.[10][11][12]
Title[edit]
Further information: List of titles and honours of Queen Elizabeth II
The sovereign's Australian title is currently Elizabeth the Second, by the Grace of God Queen of Australia and Her other Realms and Territories, Head of the Commonwealth.[1] The shared and domestic aspects of the Crown are therein highlighted by way of mentioning the sovereign's role specifically as the Australian monarch separately from, but along with, the his or her other lands. Typically, the monarch is styled King or Queen of Australia and is addressed as such when in Australia or performing duties on behalf of Australia abroad. The sovereign is the only member of the Royal Family to have a title established through Australian law; other members are accorded a courtesy title, which is the title they have been granted via Letters Patent in the United Kingdom.




Postage stamp with portrait of the Queen, 1953


Prior to 1953, the title had simply been the same as that in the United Kingdom. The current form of the title is the result of occasional discussion and an eventual meeting of Commonwealth representatives in London in December 1952, at which Canada's preferred format for the monarch's title was Elizabeth the Second, by the Grace of God, Queen of [Realm] and of Her other realms and territories, Head of the Commonwealth, Defender of the Faith.[13] Australia, however, wished to have the United Kingdom mentioned as well.[14] Thus, the resolution was a title that included the United Kingdom but, for the first time, also separately mentioned Australia and the other Commonwealth realms. The passage of a new Royal Style and Titles Act by the Parliament of Australia put these recommendations into law.[15]
It was proposed by the Cabinet headed by Gough Whitlam that the title be amended to "denote the precedence of Australia, the equality of the United Kingdom and each other sovereign nation under the Crown, and the separation of Church and State." A new Royal Titles and Styles Bill that removed specific reference to the monarch's role as Queen of the United Kingdom was passed by the federal parliament, but the Governor-General, Sir Paul Hasluck, reserved Royal Assent "for Her Majesty's pleasure" (similarly to Governor-General Sir William McKell's actions with the 1953 Royal Titles and Styles Bill). Queen Elizabeth II signed her assent at Government House, Canberra, on 19 October 1973.[1]
Finance[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Australia does not pay any money to the Queen, either for personal income or to support the royal residences outside Australia. Only when the Queen is in Australia does the Australian government support her in the performance of her duties. This rule applies equally to other members of the Royal Family. Usually the Queen's Australian governments pay only for the costs associated with the Governor-General and state governors in their exercising of the powers of the Crown on behalf of the Queen, including travel, security, residences, offices and ceremonial occasions.
Succession[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Further information: Succession to the Australian throne



The Royal Family


The Queen
The Duke of Edinburgh

The Prince of Wales
The Duchess of Cornwall

The Duke of Cambridge
The Duchess of Cambridge

Prince George of Cambridge
Princess Charlotte of Cambridge


Prince Henry (Harry) of Wales


The Duke of York

Princess Beatrice of York
Princess Eugenie of York


The Earl of Wessex
The Countess of Wessex

Viscount Severn
The Lady Louise Windsor


The Princess Royal
Sir Tim Laurence

Mr Peter Phillips
Mrs Peter Phillips

Miss Savannah Phillips
Miss Isla Phillips


Mrs Michael Tindall
Mr Michael Tindall





The Earl of Snowdon
The Countess of Snowdon

Viscount Linley
The Lady Margarita Armstrong-Jones


The Lady Sarah Chatto
Mr Daniel Chatto

Mr Samuel Chatto
Mr Arthur Chatto





The Duke of Gloucester
The Duchess of Gloucester
The Duke of Kent
The Duchess of Kent
Prince Michael of Kent
Princess Michael of Kent
Princess Alexandra







v
t
e









Charles, Prince of Wales, is the heir apparent to succeed the Queen.


Succession is according to British laws that have been incorporated into Australian law, both federal and state: namely, the Bill of Rights 1689 and the Act of Settlement 1701.[citation needed] These acts limit the succession to the natural (non-adopted), legitimate descendants of Sophia, Electress of Hanover, and stipulate that the monarch must be in communion with the Church of England upon ascending the throne.[citation needed] By adhering to the Statute of Westminster in 1942, Australia agreed to change its rules of succession only in agreement with the UK and the other then Dominions. In that spirit, the Perth Agreement of 2011 among the Commonwealth realms committed all of them to amending the line of succession to follow absolute primogeniture for those in the Royal family born in and after 2011. As part of the Agreement, Australia, along with the other realms, repealed the Royal Marriages Act 1772, which gave precedence to male heirs and excluded from succession a person married to a Roman Catholic.[citation needed] In Australia, federal legislation to do this required request and concurrence from all of the states,[16] so that the necessary federal legislation was not passed until 24 March 2015,[17][18] and took effect on 26 March 2015.[19]
Upon a demise of the Crown (the death or abdication of a sovereign), it is customary for the accession of the new monarch to be publicly proclaimed by the Governor-General on behalf of the Federal Executive Council, which meets at Government House, Canberra, after the accession. Parallel proclamations are made by the governors in each state.[20] Regardless of any proclamations, the late sovereign's heir immediately and automatically succeeds, without any need for confirmation or further ceremony. Following an appropriate period of mourning, the monarch is also crowned in the United Kingdom, though this ritual is not necessary for a sovereign to reign; for example, Edward VIII was never crowned, yet was undoubtedly king during his short time on the throne. After an individual ascends the throne, he or she typically continues to reign until death. There is no provision in the law for a monarch to unilaterally abdicate; the only Australian monarch to abdicate, Edward VIII, did so as a consequence of abdicating as monarch of the United Kingdom, with which the Australian government had agreed.[citation needed][21]
Personification of the state[edit]
Further information: The Crown
The legal personality of a component of the Australian state is sometimes expressed by reference to the sovereign. In criminal prosecutions, the state as a party is ordinarily named as "The Queen"—for instance, "The Queen v Crook". However, the prosecutors themselves are referred to as representing "the Crown". In the same sense, all state lands are called Crown land, state-owned buildings and equipment are called Crown-held property, and the copyright for all government publications is called Crown copyright. Where it is not obvious whether the legal personality concerned is the Commonwealth, one of the Australian States or some other state entity, the reference is specified as "The Queen (or the Crown) in right of" the entity concerned, such as "the Crown in right of the State of New South Wales". More commonly and conveniently, however, the entity is referred to directly—for example, as "The Commonwealth" or "The State of New South Wales" or simply "New South Wales".[22] But actions against a government are often brought against the responsible officer ex officio—for example, "Smith v Minister for Town and Country Planning" or, more specifically, "Jones v Director of Public Prosecutions (NSW)".
The monarch is also the locus of oaths of allegiance; many employees of the Crown are required by law to recite this oath before taking their posts, such as all members of the Commonwealth parliament, all members of the state and territorial parliaments, as well as all magistrates, judges, police officers and justices of the peace. This is in reciprocation to the sovereign's Coronation Oath, wherein he or she promises "to govern the Peoples of... Australia... according to their respective laws and customs".[23] New appointees to the Federal Cabinet currently also swear an oath that includes allegiance to the monarch before taking their post.[24] However, as this oath is not written in law, it has not always been observed and depends on the form chosen by the prime minister of the time, suggested to the Governor-General. In December 2007, Kevin Rudd did not swear allegiance to the sovereign when sworn in by the Governor-General, making him the first prime minister not to do so;[25] however, he (like all other members of parliament) did swear allegiance to the Queen, as required by law, when sworn in by the Governor-General as newly elected parliamentarians. Similarly, the Oath of Citizenship contained a statement of allegiance to the reigning monarch until 1994, when a pledge of allegiance to "Australia" and its values was introduced. The High Court found, in 2002, though, that allegiance to the Queen of Australia was the "fundamental criterion of membership" in the Australian body politic, from a constitutional, rather than statutory, point of view.[12]
Head of state[edit]
See also: Australian head of state dispute
Australia's head of state is the monarch, and its head of government is the prime minister, with powers limited by both law and convention for government to be carried on democratically.[26] The constitution provides that the Queen is part of the Parliament and is empowered to appoint the Governor-General as her representative, while the executive power of the Commonwealth which is vested in the Queen is exercisable by the Governor-General as her representative. In practice, the Queen does not play a day-to-day role in the government, and the few functions which the Queen does perform (such as appointing the Governor-General) are done on advice from the prime minister.[27] The constitution does not directly mention the term "head of state". The Constitution defines the Governor-General and the State governors as the monarch's representatives.[28]
While current official sources use the description "head of state" for the Queen, in the lead up to the republic referendum in 1999, Sir David Smith proposed an alternative explanation, that Australia already had a head of state in the person of the Governor-General, who since 1965 has invariably been an Australian citizen. This view has some support within the group Australians for Constitutional Monarchy.[29]
Constitutional role and royal prerogative[edit]


“
We have a very good system now in terms of political stability... one of the reasons why we have had this wonderful stability is because of the constitutional linkages from Crown to Governor-General to Prime Minister at the Federal level, and Crown to Governor to Premiers at the State level. There are checks and balances in the system, and that is why we never had civil wars, that is why we never had huge political upheavals except in '32 and '75. So the system as it is has worked very well.[30]
”


— Governor-General Michael Jeffery, 2003






Australia Act 1986 (United Kingdom) document, located in Parliament House, Canberra, and bearing the signature of Elizabeth II as Queen of the United Kingdom


Australia has a written constitution based on the Westminster model of government, with some federal elements modelled on the United States Constitution and a distinct separation of powers. It gives Australia a parliamentary system similar to the other Commonwealth realms, wherein the role of the Queen and Governor-General is both legal and practical. The sovereign of Australia is represented in the federal sphere by the Governor-General—appointed by the monarch on the advice of the Prime Minister of Australia—and in each state by a governor—appointed by the monarch upon the advice of the relevant state premier.[citation needed]
Executive[edit]
In Australia's constitutional system, one of the main duties of the Governor-General is to appoint a Prime Minister, who thereafter heads the Cabinet and advises the Governor-General on how to execute his or her executive powers over all aspects of government operations and foreign affairs. This means that the monarch's and the viceroy's roles are primarily symbolic and cultural, acting as a symbol of the legal authority under which all governments and agencies operate. In practice, ministers direct the use of the royal prerogative that resides in the monarch, which includes the privilege to declare war, maintain peace, and direct the actions of the Australian Defence Force. The Governor-General is empowered by the constitution to summon and prorogue parliament, and call elections; however the powers are almost never exercised without advice from the Prime Minister. Still, the royal prerogative belongs to the Crown, and not to any of the ministers and the Governor-General may unilaterally use these powers in exceptional constitutional crisis situations,[31] such as when, during the 1975 Australian constitutional crisis, Sir John Kerr dismissed Prime Minister Gough Whitlam, on the occasion of a stalemate over government funding between the House of Representatives and the Senate. There are also a few duties which must be specifically performed by the Queen. These include signing the appointment papers of Governors-General, the confirmation of the creation of awards of Australian honours,[32][33] and the approval of any change in her Australian title.
In accordance with convention, the Governor-General, to maintain the stability of government, must appoint as prime minister the individual most likely to maintain the support of the House of Representatives: usually the leader of the political party with a majority in that house, but also when no party or coalition holds a majority (referred to as a minority government situation), or other scenarios in which the Governor-General's judgement about the most suitable candidate for prime minister has to be brought into play.[34] The Governor-General also appoints to Cabinet the other ministers of the Crown, who are, in turn, accountable to the Parliament, and through it, to the people. The Queen is informed by her viceroy of the acceptance of the resignation of a prime minister and the swearing-in of a new prime minister and other members of the ministry, and she holds audience with her Australian ministers where possible.[35]
Members of various executive agencies and other officials are appointed by the Governor-General, including High Court Judges. Ministers and parliamentary secretaries are also appointed to the Federal Executive Council. Public inquiries are also commissioned by the Crown through a Royal Warrant, and are called Royal Commissions. A casual vacancy in the Senate is filled by an appointee from the same political party by a state parliament or state governor.[citation needed]
Foreign affairs[edit]
The royal prerogative also extends to foreign affairs: the Governor-General-in-Council negotiates and ratifies treaties, alliances, and international agreements.[36] As with other uses of the royal prerogative, no parliamentary approval is required;[37] however, a treaty cannot alter the domestic laws of Australia; an Act of Parliament is necessary in such cases. The Governor-General, on behalf of the Queen, also accredits Australian High Commissioners and ambassadors, and receives diplomats from foreign states. In addition, the issuance of passports falls under the royal prerogative, and, as such, all Australian passports are issued in the name of the Governor-General as the monarch's representative.[citation needed]
Parliament[edit]
The sovereign, along with the Senate and the House of Representatives, being one of the three components of parliament, is called the Queen-in-Parliament. The authority of the Crown therein is embodied in the mace (House of Representatives) and Black Rod (Senate), which both bear a crown at their apex. The monarch and viceroy do not, however, participate in the legislative process save for the granting of Royal Assent by the Governor-General. Further, the constitution outlines that the Governor-General alone is responsible for summoning, proroguing, and dissolving parliament,[38] after which the writs for a general election are usually dropped by the Prime Minister at Government House. The new parliamentary session is marked by the State Opening of Parliament, during which either the monarch or the Governor-General reads the Speech from the Throne. As the monarch and viceroy, by convention, cannot enter the House of Representatives, this, as well as the bestowing of Royal Assent, takes place in the Senate chamber; Members of Parliament are summoned to these ceremonies from the House of Representatives by the Crown's messenger, the Usher of the Black Rod, after he knocks on the doors of the lower house that have been slammed closed on him to symbolise the barring of the monarch from the House of Representatives.
All laws in Australia, except in the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) Legislative Assembly, are enacted only with the viceroy's granting of Royal Assent, done by the Governor-General or relevant governor, with the Great Seal of Australia or the appropriate state seal, while territorial legislatures, unlike their state counterparts, are subject to the oversight of the government of Australia. The Governor-General may reserve a bill "for the Queen's pleasure"; that is withhold his consent to the bill and present it to the sovereign for her personal decision. Under the constitution, the sovereign also has the power to disallow a bill within one year of the Governor-General having granted Royal Assent.[39] This power, however, has never been used.
Courts[edit]
In the United Kingdom, the sovereign is deemed the fount of justice.[40][41] However, he or she does not personally rule in judicial cases,[40] meaning that judicial functions are normally performed only in the monarch's name. Criminal offences are legally deemed to be offences against the sovereign and proceedings for indictable offences are brought in the sovereign's name in the form of The Queen [or King] against [Name] (sometimes also referred to as the Crown against [Name]).[42][43] Hence, the common law holds that the sovereign "can do no wrong"; the monarch cannot be prosecuted in his or her own courts for criminal offences. Civil lawsuits against the Crown in its public capacity (that is, lawsuits against the government) are permitted; however, lawsuits against the monarch personally are not cognisable. In international cases, as a sovereign and under established principles of international law, the Queen of Australia is not subject to suit in foreign courts without her express consent. The prerogative of mercy lies with the monarch, and is exercised in the state jurisdictions by the governors,[44] who may pardon offences against the Crown, either before, during, or after a trial.
In addition, the monarch also serves as a symbol of the legitimacy of courts of justice, and of their judicial authority; sessions of the High Court, for example, are opened with the words "the High Court of Australia is now in session; God Save the Queen." In a practice dating back to colonial times, state courts traditionally display the arms of the sovereign in right of the United Kingdom, except in New South Wales and Queensland where some of these have been replaced with the state arms.
States and territories[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Further information: Governors of the Australian states
In accordance with the Australia Act 1986, the Queen has the power to appoint, on the advice of the relevant state premier, a governor in each of the Australian states, who themselves appoint executive bodies, as well as people to fill casual Senate vacancies, if the relevant state parliament is not in session, under the Great Seal of the State. The state governors continue to serve as the direct representatives of the Queen, in no way subordinate to the Governor-General, and they carry out on her behalf all of the Queen's constitutional and ceremonial duties in respect of their respective state. The Northern Territory and the Australian Capital Territory resemble states in many respects, but are administered directly by the Commonwealth of Australia; an administrator, appointed by the Governor-General upon the advice of the Commonwealth government, takes the place of a state governor in the Northern Territory. The Australian Capital Territory has no equivalent position.
Cultural role[edit]
Royal presence and duties[edit]
Further information: Royal visits to Australia and List of Commonwealth visits made by Queen Elizabeth II
Members of the Royal Family have been present in Australia since the late 1800s, on military manoeuvres, for official tours, or as the vice-regal representative of the monarch. The Queen was the first reigning monarch of Australia to set foot on Australian soil on 3 February 1954. The Queen has visited the country 16 times, usually on important milestones, anniversaries, or celebrations of Australian culture, while other royals have been asked to participate in lesser occasions. In these instances, when acting at the direction of the Australian Cabinet, they do so as monarch of Australia and members of the Royal Family, respectively, and carry out two types of duties: official and unofficial.




The Queen tours the Australian War Memorial, February 1954.


Official duties involve the sovereign representing the state at home or abroad, or other Royal Family members participating in a government-organised ceremony either in Australia or elsewhere.[45] The sovereign and/or his or her family have participated in events such as various centennials and bicentennials; Australia Day; the openings of Olympic and other games; award ceremonies; D-Day commemorations; anniversaries of the monarch's accession; and the like. Other royals have participated in Australian ceremonies or undertaken duties abroad, such as Prince Charles at the Anzac Day ceremonies at Gallipoli, or when the Queen, Prince Charles, and Princess Anne participated in Australian ceremonies for the anniversary of D-Day in France in 2004. On 22 February 2009, Princess Anne represented the Queen at the National Bushfires Memorial Service in Melbourne.[46][47] The Queen also showed her support for the people of Australia by making a personal statement about the bushfires[48] and by also making a private donation to the Australian Red Cross Appeal.[49] The Duke of Edinburgh was the first to sign a book of condolences at the Australian High Commission in London.[49]
Unofficial duties are performed by Royal Family members on behalf of Australian organisations of which they may be patrons, through their attendance at charity events, visiting with members of the Australian Defence Force as Colonel-in-Chief, or marking certain key anniversaries. The invitation and expenses associated with these undertakings are usually borne by the associated organisation.
Apart from Australia, the Queen and other members of the Royal Family regularly perform public duties in the other 15 nations of the Commonwealth in which the Queen is sovereign. As the Crown within these countries is a legally separate entity from the Australian Crown, it is funded in these countries individually, through the ordinary legislative budgeting process.
Symbols[edit]
Main article: Australian royal symbols




The Queen's Personal Australian Flag


The monarchy is presently symbolised through images of the sovereign on currency and in portraits in public buildings; on Australian decorations and honours, some postage stamps and on coats of arms and other government symbols. The crown is used as a heraldic symbol in the coats of arms of the Commonwealth and the states of Victoria, Queensland and Western Australia. Crowns are also visible on police and military badges. The Queen's Birthday is observed as a public holiday in all states.
"God Save the Queen" is Australia's royal anthem. The "Vice-Regal Salute", played only for the Governor-General and each state governor, is the first four and last four bars of "Advance Australia Fair".
There are also hundreds of places named after Australian and British monarchs and members of the Royal Family. The states of Queensland and Victoria were named after Queen Victoria; Adelaide, the capital of South Australia is named after Queen Adelaide, the consort of William IV; numerous streets, squares, parks and buildings are also named in honour of past or present members of the Royal Family.
Religious role[edit]




The Queen and Prince Philip attending an Anglican service in Canberra


Until its new constitution went into force in 1962, the Anglican Church of Australia was part of the Church of England. Its titular head was consequently the monarch, in his or her capacity as Supreme Governor of the Church of England.[50] However, unlike in England, Anglicanism was never established as a state religion in Australia.[51]
Vice-regal residences[edit]
The Governor-General's official residence is Government House, commonly known as "Yarralumla", in the city of Canberra. The Australian monarch stays there when visiting Canberra, as do visiting heads of state.[52] Government House is the site of most state banquets, investitures, swearing-in of ministers, and other ceremonies. Another vice-regal residence is Admiralty House, in Sydney, and is used principally as a retreat for the Governor-General. The Australian states also maintain official residences for their respective governors, though the monarch or other members of the Royal Family may stay there when in the state.
Australian Defence Force[edit]




The Princess Royal passes behind the Princess Anne Banner at a parade for the 75th anniversary of the Royal Australian Corps of Signals


The Crown has a place in the Australian Defence Force (ADF), which consists of the Royal Australian Navy, Australian Army, and Royal Australian Air Force.
Section 68 of the Australian Constitution says: "The command in chief of the naval and military forces of the Commonwealth is vested in the Governor-General as the Queen's representative." In practice, however, the Governor-General does not play any part in the ADF's command structure other than following the advice of the Minister for Defence in the normal form of executive government.[53]
Australian naval vessels bear the prefix Her Majesty's Australian Ship (HMAS) and many regiments carry the "royal" prefix.[54] Members of the Royal Family have presided over military ceremonies, including Trooping the Colours, inspections of the troops, and anniversaries of key battles. When the Queen is in Canberra, she lays a wreath at the Australian War Memorial. In 2003, the Queen acted in her capacity as Australian monarch when she dedicated the Australian War Memorial in Hyde Park, London.[1]
Some members of the Royal Family are Colonels-in-Chief of Australian regiments, including: the Royal Regiment of Australian Artillery; Royal Australian Army Medical Corps; the Royal Australian Armoured Corps and the Royal Australian Corps of Signals, amongst many others. The Queen's husband, the Duke of Edinburgh, is an Admiral of the Fleet[55] in right of the Royal Australian Navy, Marshal of the Royal Australian Air Force, and Field Marshal of the Australian Army.
History[edit]
Main article: History of monarchy in Australia
The development of a distinctly Australian monarchy came about through a complex set of incremental events, beginning in 1770, when Captain James Cook, in the name of, and under instruction from, King George III, claimed the east coast of Australia.[56] Colonies were eventually founded across the continent,[57][58] all of them ruled by the monarch of the United Kingdom, upon the advice of his or her British ministers, the Secretary of State for the Colonies, in particular. After Queen Victoria's granting of Royal Assent to the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act on 9 July 1900, which brought about Federation in 1901, whereupon the six colonies became the states of Australia, the relationship between the state governments and the Crown remained as it was pre-1901: References in the constitution to "the Queen" meant the government of the United Kingdom (in the formation of which Australians had no say)[8] and the Colonial Laws Validity Act 1865 – by which colonial laws deemed repugnant to imperial (British) law in force in the colony were rendered void and inoperative – remained in force in both the federal and state spheres;[59] and all the governors, both of the Commonwealth and the states, remained appointees of the British monarch on the advice of the British Cabinet,[60] a situation that continued even after Australia was recognised as a Dominion of the British Empire in 1907.[61] As Queen-Empress, Victoria "symbolised the British Empire of which all Australians were subjects".[8]




A statue of King George V looks over King's Hall in Old Parliament House, Canberra


In response to calls from some Dominions for a re-evaluation in their status under the Crown after their sacrifice and performance in the First World War,[62] a series of Imperial Conferences was held in London, from 1917 on, which resulted in the Balfour Declaration of 1926, which provided that the United Kingdom and the Dominions were to be considered as "autonomous communities within the British Empire, equal in status, in no way subordinate to one another in any aspect of their domestic or external affairs, though united by a common allegiance to the Crown." The Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act, 1927, an Act of the Westminster Parliament, was the first indication of a shift in the law, before the Imperial Conference of 1930 established that the Australian Cabinet could advise the sovereign directly on the choice of Governor-General, which ensured the independence of the office.[63] The Crown was further separated amongst its dominions by the Statute of Westminster 1931,[64] and, though it was not adopted by Australia until 1942 (retroactive to 3 September 1939),[65] the law's validity in the United Kingdom required its government to seek Australia's consent in allowing the abdication of Edward VIII as the King of Australia and all the other Dominions in 1936.
The Curtin Labor Government appointed Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, as Governor-General during the Second World War. Curtin hoped the appointment might influence the British to despatch men and equipment to the Pacific War, and the selection of the brother of King George VI reaffirmed the important role of the Crown to the Australian nation at that time.[66] The Queen became the first reigning monarch to visit Australia in 1954, greeted by huge crowds across the nation. Her son Prince Charles attended school in Australia in 1967.[67] Her grandson Prince Harry undertook a portion of his gap-year living and working in Australia in 2003.[68]
The sovereign did not possess a title unique to Australia until the Australian parliament enacted the Royal Styles and Titles Act in 1953,[15] after the accession of Elizabeth to the throne, and giving her the title of Queen of the United Kingdom, Australia and Her other Realms and Territories. Still, Elizabeth remained both as a queen who reigned in Australia both as Queen of Australia (in the federal jurisdiction) and Queen of the United Kingdom (in each of the states), as a result of the states not wishing to have the Statute of Westminster apply to them, believing that the status quo better protected their sovereign interests against an expansionist federal government, which left the Colonial Laws Validity Act in effect. Thus, the British monarch could still – at least in theory, if not with some difficulty in practice – legislate for the Australian states, and the viceroys in the states were appointed by and represented the sovereign of the United Kingdom, not that of Australia;[69] as late as 1976, the British ministry advised the Queen to reject Colin Hannah as the nominee of the Queensland Cabinet for Governor,[70] and court cases from Australian states could be appealled directly to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in London, thereby bypassing the Australian High Court. It was with the passage of the Australia Act in 1986, which repealed the Colonial Laws Validity Act and abolished appeals of state cases to London, that the final vestiges of the British monarchy in Australia were removed, leaving a distinct Australian monarchy for the nation. The view in the Republic Advisory Committee's report in 1993 was that if, in 1901, Victoria, as Queen-Empress, symbolised the British Empire of which all Australians were subjects, all of the powers vested in the monarch under Australia's Constitution were now exercised on the advice of the Australian government.[8] In practice, the Queen's representative in Australia, the Governor-General, represented the British Government directly in 1901 and until 1936, when the first High Commissioner of the United Kingdom to Australia was appointed.




Prince Charles, Prince of Wales, with students of his Australian alma mater, Geelong Grammar School, in Corio, Victoria


It was around the same time[clarification needed] that a discussion on the matter of Australia becoming a republic began to emerge, later culminating in the 1999 Australian republic referendum, which was defeated by 54.4% of the populace, despite polls showing that the majority supported becoming a republic.[71] It is believed the proposed model of the republic (not having a directly elected president) was unsatisfactory to most Australians.[72] The referendum followed the recommendation of a 1998 Constitutional Convention called to discuss the issue of Australia becoming a republic. Still, nearly another ten years later, Kevin Rudd was appointed as Prime Minister, whereafter he affirmed that a republic was still a part of his party's platform, and stated his belief that the debate on constitutional change should continue.[73]
The previous Prime Minister, Julia Gillard re-affirmed her party's platform about a possible future republic. She stated that she would like to see Australia become a republic, with an appropriate time being when there is a change in monarch. A statement unaligned to this position was recorded on 21 October 2011 at a reception in the presence of the Queen at Parliament House in Canberra when Gillard stated that the monarch is "a vital constitutional part of Australian democracy and would only ever be welcomed as a beloved and respected friend."[74] The then Opposition Leader, Tony Abbott, a former head of Australians for Constitutional Monarchy stated on 21 October 2011, "Your Majesty, while 11 prime ministers and no less than 17 opposition leaders have come and gone, for 60 years you have been a presence in our national story and given the vagaries of public life, I'm confident that this will not be the final tally of the politicians that you have outlasted."[75]
A Morgan poll taken in October 2011 found that support for constitutional change was at its lowest for 20 years. Of those surveyed 34% were pro-republic as opposed to 55% pro-monarchist, preferring to maintain the current constitutional arrangements.[76] A peer-reviewed study published in the Australian Journal of Political Science in 2016 found that there had been a significant improvement to support for monarchy in Australia after a twenty-year rapid decline following the 1992 annus horribilis.[77]
List of Australian monarchs[edit]


№
Portrait
Regnal name
(Birth–Death)
Royal dynasty
Reign over the
Commonwealth of Australia
Full name
Consort


1

Victoria
(1819–1901)
House of Hanover
1 January 1901
22 January 1901
Alexandrina Victoria
none during Australian reign


Governors general: John Hope, 7th Earl of Hopetoun
Prime ministers: Edmund Barton


2

Edward VII
(1841–1910)
House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha
22 January 1901
6 May 1910
Albert Edward
Alexandra of Denmark


Governors general: John Hope, 7th Earl of Hopetoun, Hallam Tennyson, 2nd Baron Tennyson, Henry Northcote, 1st Baron Northcote, William Ward, 2nd Earl of Dudley
Prime ministers: Sir Edmund Barton, Alfred Deakin, Chris Watson, George Reid, Alfred Deakin, Andrew Fisher, Alfred Deakin


3

George V
(1865–1936)
House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha until 1917
House of Windsor after 1917
6 May 1910
20 January 1936
George Frederick Ernest Albert
Mary of Teck


Governors general: William Ward, 2nd Earl of Dudley, Thomas Denman, 3rd Baron Denman, Sir Ronald Ferguson, Henry Forster, 1st Baron Forster, John Baird, 1st Baron Stonehaven. Sir Isaac Isaacs
Prime ministers: Andrew Fisher, Joseph Cook, Andrew Fisher, Billy Hughes, Stanley Bruce, James Scullin, Joseph Lyons


4

Edward VIII
(1894–1972)
House of Windsor
20 January 1936
11 December 1936
Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David
none


Governors general: Sir Isaac Alfred Isaacs, Alexander Hore-Ruthven, 1st Earl of Gowrie
Prime ministers: Joseph Lyons


5

George VI
(1895–1952)
House of Windsor
11 December 1936
6 February 1952
Albert Frederick Arthur George
Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon


Governors general: Alexander Hore-Ruthven, 1st Earl of Gowrie, Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, Sir William McKell
Prime ministers: Joseph Lyons, Sir Earle Page, Robert Menzies, Arthur Fadden, John Curtin, Frank Forde, Ben Chifley, Sir Robert Menzies


6

Elizabeth II
(1926–)
House of Windsor
6 February 1952
Incumbent
Elizabeth Alexandra Mary
Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh


Governors general: Sir William McKell, Sir William Slim, William Morrison, 1st Viscount Dunrossil, William Sidney, 1st Viscount De L'Isle, Richard Casey, Baron Casey, Sir Paul Hasluck, Sir John Kerr, Sir Zelman Cowen, Sir Ninian Stephen, William Hayden, Sir William Deane, Peter Hollingworth, Michael Jeffery, Dame Quentin Bryce, Sir Peter Cosgrove
Prime ministers: Sir Robert Menzies, Harold Holt, John McEwen, John Gorton, William McMahon, Gough Whitlam, Malcolm Fraser, Bob Hawke, Paul Keating, John Howard, Kevin Rudd, Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd, Tony Abbott, Malcolm Turnbull


Timeline of monarchs[edit]







See also[edit]


Australia portal
Monarchy portal



States headed by Elizabeth II
Prime Ministers of Queen Elizabeth II
List of Commonwealth visits made by Queen Elizabeth II
List of Australian organisations with royal patronage
Peerage of the Commonwealth of Australia

Bibliography[edit]

Smith, David (2005). Head of State: the Governor-General, the Monarchy, the Republic and the Dismissal. Paddington, NSW: Macleay Press. ISBN 1876492155. 
Twomey, Anne (2006). The Chameleon Crown: the Queen and her Australian Governors. Annandale, NSW: Federation Press. ISBN 9781862876293. 

Notes[edit]


^ a b c "Royal Style and Titles Act 1973 (Cth)". Museum of Australian Democracy. Retrieved 3 November 2015. 
^ Letters Patent Relating to the Office of Governor‑General of the Commonwealth of Australia, 21 August 1984 "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 4 March 2016. Retrieved 2015-08-13. 
^ Governor-General of the Commonwealth of Australia: Letters Patent Relating to the Office of Governor-General of the Commonwealth of Australia Archived 27 September 2007 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Governor-General of the Commonwealth of Australia: Amendment of Letters Patent Archived 20 July 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ R v Foreign Secretary; Ex parte Indian Association [1982] QB 892 at 928, Court of Appeal (England and Wales).
^ a b Sue v Hill [1999] HCA 30, (1999) 199 CLR 462 (23 June 1999), High Court (Australia).
^ Buckingham Palace: The Queen and Commonwealth: Australia. Royal.gov.uk (22 August 2012).[dead link]
^ a b c d Report of the Republic Advisory Committee, Commonwealth Government Printer, Canberra, 1993, p29-30
^ Twomey, Anne (2000). "Sue v Hill – The Evolution of Australian Independence". In Stone, Adrienne; Williams, George. The High Court at the crossroads: essays in constitutional law. New South Wales, Australia: Federation Press. ISBN 1-86287-371-2. 
^ Constitution (Cth) s 51.
^ Re Patterson; Ex parte Taylor [2001] HCA 51, (2001) 207 CLR 391, High Court (Australia).
^ a b Prince, P. "We are Australian-The Constitution and Deportation of Australian-born Children". Research Paper no. 3 2003/04. Australian Parliamentary Library. Archived from the original on 16 November 2016. 
^ Documents on Canadian External Relations; Volume No. 15 – 2; Chapter 1, Part 2, Royal Style and Titles[dead link]
^ Documents on Canadian External Relations; Volume No. 18 – 2; Chapter 1, Part 2, Royal Style and Titles Archived 16 September 2004 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Royal Style and Titles Act 1953 (Cth).
^ Constitution (Cth) s 51(xxxviii); the Northern Territory added its request and concurrence, although this was not constitutionally required.
^ Succession to the Crown Act 2015 (Cth) Archived 2 February 2016 at the Wayback Machine., ComLaw.
^ Succession to the Crown Commencement Proclamation 2015 (Cth) Archived 2 February 2016 at the Wayback Machine., ComLaw
^ Statement by Nick Clegg MP, UK parliament website Archived 5 July 2016 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Greg Taylor (2006), The Constitution of Victoria, Sydney: Federation Press, p. 69 
^ Constitution (Cth) s 15 Casual vacancies.
^ For example, Fortescue Metals Group Limited v The Commonwealth [2013] HCA 34, (2013) 250 CLR 548, High Court (Australia); Unions NSW v New South Wales [2013] HCA 58, (2013) 250 CLR 530, High Court (Australia).
^ The Form and Order of Service that is to be performed and the Ceremonies that are to be observed in the Coronation of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II in the Abbey Church of St. Peter, Westminster, on Tuesday, the second day of June 1953 Archived 7 October 2016 at the Wayback Machine.. Oremus.org (11 April 1994).
^ "Oaths and affirmations made by the executive and members of federal parliament since 1901". Parliament of Australia. 3 June 2013. Retrieved 18 September 2013. 
^ Shears, Richard (4 December 2007). "Australia's new PM is sworn in – but refuses to swear allegiance to the Queen". Daily Mail. London: Associated Newspapers Ltd. 
^ Parliament House, Info Sheet 20 The Australian system of government Archived 20 December 2016 at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Constitution (2012) Overview by the Attorney-General's Department and Australian Government Solicitor "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 24 November 2015. Retrieved 2016-02-29. 
^ Constitution (Cth) s 2.
^ Australia's Head of State, Australians for Constitutional Monarchy, Accessed=1 March 2016 "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 4 March 2016. Retrieved 2016-02-29. 
^ Governor General of the Commonwealth of Australia: Transcript – World Today with Major General Jeffery – 23 June 2003 Archived 2 June 2009 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Governor-General of Australia :: Governor-General's Role Archived 15 October 2012 at the Wayback Machine.. Gg.gov.au.
^ Australian Government: It's an Honour: Official Creation of Awards Archived 24 December 2016 at the Wayback Machine.. Itsanhonour.gov.au (16 May 2011).
^ Commonwealth of Australia Gazette; No. S 86, Monday, 30 May 2005 Archived 21 February 2007 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Office of the Governor-General of Australia. "About the Governor-General: Governor-General's role". Australian Government Publishing Service. Retrieved 16 March 2011. 
^ Victorian Premier John Brumby has met Queen Elizabeth II in Scotland to discuss the impact of the February bushfires. Archived 13 May 2013 at the Wayback Machine., ABC Online, 2009-10-06, Retrieved 29 October 2009
^ Australian Government Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade: Negotiating and Implementing Treaties Archived 31 December 2014 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Australian Government Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade: Treaties, the Constitution and the National Interest Archived 31 December 2014 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Australian Constitution section 5 Archived 11 December 2007 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Australian Constitution s 59 Archived 11 December 2007 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Gibbs, Harry; ''The Crown and the High Court – Celebrating the 100th birthday of the High Court of Australia''; 17 October 2003 Archived 27 April 2016 at the Wayback Machine.. Norepublic.com.au (17 October 2003).
^ The Queen as Fount of Justice. Royal.gov.uk (17 December 2013).[dead link]
^ Essenberg v The Queen B55/1999 [2000] HCATrans 386, High Court (Australia).
^ The Queen v Tang [2008] HCA 39, (2008) 237 CLR 1, High Court (Australia).
^ Section 475(1) Crimes Act 1900 (ACT); ss 474B and 474C Crimes Act 1900 and s 26 Criminal Appeal Act 1912 (NSW); s 433A Criminal Code (Northern Territory); ss 669A, 672A Criminal Code 1899 (Queensland); s 369 Criminal Law Consolidation Act 1935 (South Australia); ss 398, 419 Criminal Code (Tasmania); s 584 Crimes Act 1958 (Victoria); s 21 Criminal Code and Part 19 Sentencing Act 1995 (Western Australia)
^ Buckingham Palace: Guidelines and Procedures for the Acceptance, Classification, Retention and Disposal of Gifts to Members of the Royal Family. Royal.gov.uk (22 August 2012).[dead link]
^ Bushfires memorial echoes grief and hope – "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 19 April 2012. Retrieved 2009-02-22. 
^ Princess Anne in bushfire tribute – "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 13 May 2016. Retrieved 2009-02-22. 
^ The Queen's message following the fires in Australia. Royal.gov.uk.[dead link]
^ a b The Princess Royal to visit areas affected by the Victorian bushfires. Royal.gov.uk.[dead link]
^ "The Church of England Australia was organised on the basis that it was part of the Church of England, not merely ‘in communion with’, or ‘in connection with’, the Church of England. Thus any changes to doctrine or practice in England were to be applied in Australia, unless the local situation made the change inapplicable. […] A new national constitution was agreed in 1961 and came into force on 1 January 1962. This created a new church, the Church of England in Australia, and severed the legal nexus with the Church of England." Outline of the Structure of the Anglican Church of Australia, p. 5.
^ Part 2 - The Anglican Church in Australia, Anglican Church of Australia. Retrieved 17 January 2017.
^ "Government House". The Australiana Fund. Retrieved 14 April 2008. 
^ Raspal Khosa (2004). Australian Defence Almanac 2004–05. Australian Strategic Policy Institute, Canberra. Page 4.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 9 September 2010. Retrieved 2010-09-22. 
^ Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh Archived 5 March 2016 at the Wayback Machine.. Mlahanas.de.
^ Queen and Commonwealth: Australia: History. Royal.gov.uk (22 August 2012).[dead link]
^ Day, D; Claiming a Continent; Harper Collins, 1997; p.38
^ B. Hunter (ed) The Statesman's Year Book, MacMillan Press, p.102 ff.
^ Craig, John; Australian Politics: A Source Book; second ed.; p.43
^ W.J. Hudson and M.P. Sharp, Australian Independence, pp. 4, 90
^ E.M. Andrews, The ANZAC Illusion, p.21
^ Blackshield, Tony and Williams, George Australian Constitutional Law and Theory (2nd edn 1998) p 143
^ David Smith, Head of State, Macleay Press 2005, p.24
^ Statute of Westminster 1931 (c. 4) s. 4 Archived 4 August 2009 at the Wayback Machine.; cf McInn, W.G.; A Constitutional History of Australia; p.152
^ Statute of Westminster Adoption Act 1942 (Cth) s 3 Archived 3 March 2016 at the Wayback Machine. Craig, John; Australian Politics: A Source Book; p.43
^ Biography – first Duke of Gloucester – Australian Dictionary of Biography[permanent dead link]. Adbonline.anu.edu.au.
^ Magnay, Jacquelin (27 January 2011). "Prince Charles says 'Pommy' insults were character building". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "Prince Harry arrives for gap year in Australia". BBC News. 23 September 2003. 
^ Craig; p.43
^ Chipp, Don; An Individual View; p.144
^ Newspoll polls 1995–2002, The Australian Archived 15 June 2005 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Paul Keating: republicanism, People and power, Power, people and politics in the post-war period, History Year 9, NSW | Online Education Home Schooling Skwirk Australia Archived 15 January 2016 at the Wayback Machine.. Skwirk.com (1 January 2001).
^ Kevin Rudd reaffirms support for republic | PerthNow Archived 11 April 2008 at the Wayback Machine.. News.com.au (6 April 2008).
^ Speech by Prime Minister of Australia, Julia Gillard, 21 October 2011, Parliament House
^ Address to a Reception for Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, Parliament House – Office of Tony Abbott, Leader of the Opposition, 21 October 2011
^ "Republic floats away as royal reign lingers" by Judith Ireland, The Canberra Times, 22 October 2011.
^ Mansillo, Luke (25 January 2016). "Loyal to the Crown: shifting public opinion towards the monarchy in Australia". Australian Journal of Political Science. Retrieved 2016-01-29. 


References[edit]

^ National Archives of Australia: King George VI (1936–52)
^ National Museum of Australia: Royal Romance
^ National Archives of Australia: Royal Visit 1954
^ National Archives of Australia: Royal Visit 1963
^ National Archives of Australia: Prince Charles
^ Australian Government: Royal Visits to Australia
^ National Archives of Australia: Royalty and Australian Society
^ Yahoo News: Prince Edward to visit Vic fire victims
^ ABC News: Royal couple set for busy Aust schedule
^ Queen, Howard honour war dead
^ World leaders hail D-Day veterans

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Australian monarchy.



Governor-General of Australia
Letters Patent – 21 August 1984
Australians for Constitutional Monarchy
The Australian Republican Movement
The Australian Monarchist League





Links to related articles











v
t
e


Australia articles



History







Timeline
Bibliography
Prehistory
Archaeology
European Exploration
1788–1850
1851–1900
1901–1945
Since 1945





By topic



Constitutional
Diplomatic
Economic
Federation
Immigration
Indigenous
Military
Monarchy
Railway








Geography







Climate
Continent
Deserts
Environment

issues


Earthquakes
Flora
Fauna
Forests
Geology
Islands
Mountains
Regions
Protected areas
Rivers





Subdivisions



States and Territories
Capitals
Cities








Politics







Constitution
Courts
Elections

Donations
Electoral system
Parties


Federal budget
Foreign relations
Government
Governor-General
Human rights

Intersex
LGBT


Intelligence and security
Law

Constitution
Judiciary
Enforcement


Military
Monarchy
National debt
Parliament
Public Service
Women

Government leaders
Government ministers










Economy







Agriculture
Dollar (currency)
Energy
Gross state product
Home ownership

Public housing


Household income
Manufacturing
Media
Mining
Poverty
Reserve Bank
Stock Exchange
Superannuation
Taxation
Telecommunications
Tourism
Transportation
Welfare system








Society







Crime
Demographics
Education
Ethnic groups
Healthcare
Homelessness
Immigration
Languages
Religion
Women





Culture



Architecture
Art
Arts
Australian English
Cinema
Cuisine
Dance
Literature
Music
Public holidays
Radio
Sport
Symbols
Television
Theatre












Outline
Index



Book
Category
Portal












v
t
e


Commonwealth realms and dominions



Current



Antigua and Barbuda (monarchy)
Australia (monarchy)
Bahamas (monarchy)
Barbados (monarchy)
Belize (monarchy)
Canada (monarchy)
Grenada (monarchy)
Jamaica (monarchy)
Realm of New Zealand

Cook Islands
New Zealand
Niue


Papua New Guinea (monarchy)
Saint Kitts and Nevis (monarchy)
Saint Lucia (monarchy)
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (monarchy)
Solomon Islands (monarchy)
Tuvalu (monarchy)
United Kingdom (monarchy)





Former



Ceylon
Fiji (monarchy)
The Gambia
Ghana
Guyana
India1
Ireland1 (monarchy)
Kenya
Malawi
Malta
Mauritius
Newfoundland2
Nigeria
Pakistan
Rhodesia3
Sierra Leone
South Africa (monarchy)
Tanganyika
Trinidad and Tobago
Uganda








1 Dominion, became republic before adoption of the term "realm"
2 Dominion, never ratified Statute of Westminster 1931, London-based external government 1934–1949, annexed by Canada in 1949
3 Rhodesia unilaterally declared independence as a realm in 1965, but this was not recognised internationally. Declared itself a republic in 1970.












v
t
e


Monarchies






List of current sovereign monarchs
List of current constituent monarchs





Type



Absolute
Constitutional
Diarchy
Elective
Federal
Hereditary





By region
or entity




Africa



Lesotho
Morocco
Swaziland





Asia



Bahrain
Bhutan
Brunei
Cambodia
Japan
Jordan
Kuwait
Malaysia
Oman
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Thailand
United Arab Emirates





Europe



Andorra
Belgium
Denmark
Luxembourg
Liechtenstein
Monaco
Netherlands
Norway
Sovereign Military Order of Malta
Spain
Sweden
Vatican City
United Kingdom





Oceania



Australia
Tonga
New Zealand

Cook Islands
Niue


Papua New Guinea
Solomon Islands
Tuvalu





Americas



Antigua and Barbuda
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Canada
Grenada
Jamaica
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines















v
t
e


Queen Elizabeth II



Monarchies



Antigua and Barbuda
Australia
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Canada
Grenada
Jamaica
New Zealand
Papua New Guinea
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Solomon Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom








Ancestry
and family



George VI (father)
Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother (mother)
Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh (husband)

wedding
wedding dress


Charles, Prince of Wales (son)
Anne, Princess Royal (daughter)
Prince Andrew, Duke of York (son)
Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex (son)
Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon (sister)





Accession and
coronation



Coronation

Royal Guests
Participants in the procession
Coronation gown
Coronation Medal


Treetops Hotel
Proclamation of accession





Reign



Annus horribilis
Lithgow Plot
Marcus Sarjeant incident
Michael Fagan incident
Personality and image
Prime Ministers
Operation London Bridge





Jubilees





Silver Jubilee




Events
Medal
Honours
Jubilee Gardens
Jubilee line
Jubilee Walkway






Golden Jubilee




Prom at the Palace
Party at the Palace
Medal
Honours
Jubilee Odyssey






Diamond Jubilee




Pageant
Armed Forces Parade and Muster
Thames Pageant

Gloriana
Spirit of Chartwell


Concert
Gibraltar Flotilla
Medal
Honours








Commonwealth
tours



Australia

Official openings


Canada





Ships used




HMS Vanguard (23)
SS Gothic (1947)
HMY Britannia








State visits





Outgoing




State visit to Ireland






Incoming




Pope Benedict XVI
President Michael D. Higgins








Titles and
honours



Head of the Commonwealth
List of things named after Queen Elizabeth II
Royal Family Order
Elizabeth Cross
Queen's Official Birthday
Flags





Depictions





Documentaries




Royal Journey (1951)
A Queen Is Crowned (1953)
The Queen in Australia (1954)
Royal Family (1969)
Elizabeth R: A Year in the Life of the Queen (1992)
Monarchy: The Royal Family at Work (2007)
The Queen (TV serial)
The Diamond Queen (2012)
Elizabeth at 90: A Family Portrait (2016)






Film and
television




The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad! (1988)
A Question of Attribution (1992 TV)
Her Majesty (2001)
The Regina Monologues (2003)
Churchill: The Hollywood Years (2004)
The Queen (2006)
Happy and Glorious (2012)
A Royal Night Out (2015)
Minions (2015)
The BFG (2016)
The Crown (2016–)






Novels




Saving the Queen (1976)
The Queen and I (1992)
Queen Camilla (2006)
The Uncommon Reader (2007)






Plays




A Question of Attribution (1988)
The Audience (2013)






Stamps




Wilding series
Machin series
Castle series
Canadian domestic rate stamp








Animals





Corgis




Dookie
Susan






Horses




Aureole
Burmese
Dunfermline
Estimate
Height of Fashion
Highclere
Pall Mall
Winston















v
t
e


Constitution of Australia



Chapters



I: The Parliament
II: The Executive
III: Courts
IV: Finance and Trade
V: The States
VI: New States
VII: Miscellaneous
VIII: Amendments





Sections







1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99
100
101
102
103
104
105
106
107
108
109
110
111
112
113
114
115
116
117
118
119
120
121
122
123
124
125
126
127
128





51



Powers of
interstate trade and commerce
taxation
communication
defence
quarantine
fisheries
currency
banking
insurance
copyrights, patents and trademarks
naturalization and aliens
corporations
marriage
divorce
pensions
social security
race
immigration
external affairs
Pacific islands
acquisition of property
conciliation and arbitration
transition
referral
incident








Amendments



Category:Amendments to the Constitution of Australia
Referendums





Other documents



Statute of Westminster 1931
Statute of Westminster Adoption Act 1942
Australia Act 1986
Australian Constitution (Public Record Copy) Act 1990





Institutions



Constitutional Conventions (1998)
Governor-General
Monarchy
Parliament
High Court
Inter-State Commission





Theories and
doctrines



Responsible government
Separation of powers
Federalism
Reserved powers doctrine
Implied immunity of instrumentalities





Other topics



Australian constitutional law
Constitutional convention
Reserve power
Constitutional history of Australia
1975 Australian constitutional crisis
List of proposed states of Australia
Republicanism in Australia
Commerce clause












v
t
e


Parliament of Australia



Components



Queen (represented by the Governor-General)
Senate
House of Representatives








Parliamentary
officers




Senate



President of the Australian Senate
Clerk
Leader of the Government in the Senate
Manager of Government Business
Leader of the Opposition in the Senate
Manager of Opposition Business
Whips (list)





House of
Representatives



Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives
Clerk
Prime Minister
Leader of the House
Leader of the Opposition
Manager of Opposition Business
Whips (list)








Members



Served in both houses
Represented multiple states
30+ years
Father of the Parliament




Senate



Current (previous)
Appointees
Women
Father of the Senate





House of
Representatives



Current (previous)
Women
Father of the House








Procedure



Speech from the throne
Joint meetings
Question time
Matter of public importance
Readings of bills
Queen's Consent
Royal assent
List of Acts of the Parliament of Australia
Committees: Senate | House of Reps





Elections



Last
Next
List
Double dissolution
Senate: Single transferable vote
House of Representatives: Instant-runoff voting
Two-party-preferred vote
Divisions
By-elections
Caretaker government
Court of Disputed Returns





Locations



Parliament House, Melbourne
Old Parliament House
Parliament House, Canberra












v
t
e


Politics of Australia



Commonwealth



Monarch
Governor-General
Prime Minister
Cabinet (Shadow Cabinet)
Executive Council
Ministry
Foreign relations


Parliament
House of Representatives
Senate
Opposition Leader


High Court
Lower courts


Constitution
Statute of Westminster
Australia Act








Federal elections



pre-1969
1969
1972
1974
1975
1977
1980
1983
1984
1987
1990
1993
1996
1998
2001
2004
2007
2010
2013
2016
next
by-elections





State/Territory
governments



Governors and Administrators
Premiers and Chief Ministers
Parliaments and Assemblies


NSW
Vic
Qld
WA
SA
Tas
ACT
NT





State/Territory
elections



Vic 2014
SA 2014
Tas 2014
NSW 2015
Qld 2015
ACT 2016
NT 2016
WA 2017


Vic 2018
SA 2018
Next Tas
NSW 2019
Next Qld
ACT 2020
NT 2020
WA 2021





Local government



NSW
Vic
Qld
WA
SA
Tas
NT





Political parties



Coalition (Liberal, National, Liberal National, Country Liberal)
Conservatives
Greens
Hinch
Katter
Labor
Lambie
Liberal Democrat
One Nation
Xenophon
Other parties












v
t
e


Heads of state of the Group of 20






Macri (AR)
Elizabeth II (Governor-General: Cosgrove) (AU)
Temer (BR)
Elizabeth II (Governor General: Johnston) (CA)
Xi (CN)
Tusk (EU)
Macron (FR)
Steinmeier (DE)
Kovind (IN)
Jokowi (ID)
Mattarella (IT)
Akihito (JP)
Peña Nieto (MX)
Putin (RU)
Salman (SA)
Zuma (ZA)
Moon (KR)
Erdoğan (TR)
Elizabeth II (UK)
Trump (US)















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Monarchy_of_Australia&oldid=788857839"					
Categories: Commonwealth realmsAustralian constitutional lawMonarchy in AustraliaKingdomsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2016Articles with dead external links from August 2012Articles with dead external links from December 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles needing additional references from March 2016All articles needing additional referencesUse Australian English from July 2016All Wikipedia articles written in Australian EnglishUse dmy dates from July 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2016Wikipedia articles needing clarification from January 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskفارسیFrançaisहिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaעברית日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishکوردیSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 3 July 2017, at 22:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











Jason Guez - Former Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Consort NT
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Jason Guez
Former Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Consort NT



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees 


Jason Guez
Former Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Consort NT



 Overview



Age



46
                                  (Born 09/1970)
                                              




Notable Companies


Consort NT




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 9 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Elie Cohen

Chief Executive Officer & Director at Consort NT




Marc Adler

Chief Executive Officer at Consort Group SAS





Laurent Foata

Head of Innovation & Growth, Managing Director at Ardian SA




David Chantepie

Partner-Portfolio at EPF Partners SA





Jacques Spicq

Board Member & Director at Naxicap Partners SA




Nathalie Chove Legre

Head-Marketing & Communication at Consort NT





Angélique Maisonneuve

Head-Human Resources at Consort NT




Lenaic Fichet

Director-Information System at Consort NT





Frank Dufour

Former Chief Financial Officer at Etrali SA






 Paths to Jason Guez



            Jason Guez          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Jason Guez






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Jason Guez.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

                                    Prior                


Consort NT


                  Consort NT is an integrator and operator of bespoke solutions and infrastructures. It also engages in the system infrastructures, networks and telecommunications business that provides consultancy services and information management systems services. The company was founded on September 9, 1992 and is headquartered in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chairman

                    Current                  


Consort Group SAS

                    Consort Group operates as a holding company. The firm is based in Neuilly-sur-Seine.                  




Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

                    Prior                  


Consort NT

                    Consort NT is an integrator and operator of bespoke solutions and infrastructures. It also engages in the system infrastructures, networks and telecommunications business that provides consultancy services and information management systems services. The company was founded on September 9, 1992 and is headquartered in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France.                  





 Other Affiliations




              Jason Guez is affiliated with
                            Consort NT, Consort Group SAS, Consort NT.
            




You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Consort NT SA Due Diligence Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis




























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Software

Software & Technology Services Company Reports





Consort NT SA Due Diligence Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis





Date:
August 1, 2017



Pages:
50


Price:




US$ 499.00








 Consort NT SA Due Diligence Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis







Enhanced SWOT Analysis (+ US$ 75.00)








PESTEL Analysis (+ US$ 150.00)








IFE, EFE, IE Matrices (+ US$ 125.00)








Porter Five Forces Analysis (+ US$ 75.00)








VRIO Analysis (+ US$ 75.00)








Special Bundle, including all types of analyses (+ US$ 400.00)You save US$ 100.00



Publisher:
BAC Reports


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery - PDF (on default), Hard Copy Mail Delivery (+US$ 190.00)



ID:
C10181F7F5CBEN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
Analysis Features





Consort NT SA Due Diligence Report provides a complete overview of the company’s affairs. All available data is presented in a comprehensive and easily accessed format. The report includes financial and SWOT information, industry analysis, opinions, estimates, plus annual and quarterly forecasts made by stock market experts. The report also enables direct comparison to be made between Consort NT SA and its competitors. This provides our Clients with a clear understanding of Consort NT SA position in the  Software and Technology Services Industry.  


The report contains detailed information about Consort NT SA that gives an unrivalled in-depth knowledge about internal business-environment of the company: data about the owners, senior executives, locations, subsidiaries, markets, products, and company history. 
Another part of the report is a SWOT-analysis carried out for  Consort NT SA. It involves specifying the objective of the company's business and identifies the different factors that are favorable and unfavorable to achieving that objective. SWOT-analysis helps to understand company’s strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and possible threats against it. 
The Consort NT SA financial analysis covers the income statement and ratio trend-charts with balance sheets and cash flows presented on an annual and quarterly basis.  The report outlines the main financial ratios pertaining to profitability, margin analysis, asset turnover, credit ratios, and company’s long-term solvency. This sort of company's information will assist and strengthen your company’s decision-making processes.  
In the part that describes Consort NT SA competitors and the industry in whole, the information about company's financial ratios is compared to those of its competitors and to the industry. The unique analysis of the market and company’s competitors along with detailed information about the internal and external factors affecting the relevant industry will help to manage your business environment. Your company’s business and sales activities will be boosted by gaining an insight into your competitors’ businesses. 
Also the report provides relevant news, an analysis of PR-activity, and stock price movements. The latter are correlated with pertinent news and press releases, and annual and quarterly forecasts are given by a variety of experts and market research firms. Such information creates your awareness about principal trends of Consort NT SA business. 


About Consort NT SA
Consort NT SA designs and develops networking software and data processing solutions. The company focuses on networking, systems integration and scientific and industrial engineering. The company's products are used in the automotive, aerospace, and railway industries. Consort NT was founded in 1985 and is based in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France.
The above Company Fundamental Report is a half-ready report and contents are subject to change. 
It means that we have all necessary data in our database to prepare the report but need 2-3 days to complete it. During this time we are also updating the report with respect to the current moment. So, you can get all the most recent data available for the same price. Please note that preparation of additional types of analyses requires extra time.




RESEARCH METHODOLOGY	
DISCLAIMER	
1. CONSORT NT SA COMPANY PROFILE
1.1. Key facts
1.2. Financial Performance	
1.3. Key Executives	
1.4. Ownership and Major Holders	
1.5. Company History	
2. CONSORT NT SA BUSINESS OVERVIEW
2.1. Business Description	
2.2. Major Products and Services	
2.3. Markets and Sales Activities
2.4. Locations, Subsidiaries, Operating Units
3. CONSORT NT SA SWOT ANALYSIS
3.1. Overview
3.2. Strengths
3.3. Weaknesses
3.4. Opportunities
3.5. Threats
4. CONSORT NT SA FINANCIAL ANALYSIS
4.1. Financial Statements
  4.1.1. Income Statement
  4.1.2. Balance Sheet
  4.1.3. Cash Flow
4.2. Financial Ratios
  4.2.1. Profitability
  4.2.2. Margin Analysis
  4.2.3. Asset Turnover
  4.2.4. Credit Ratios
  4.2.5. Long-Term Solvency
  4.2.6. Growth Over Prior Year
  4.2.7. Financial Ratios Charts
4.3. Stock Market Snapshot
5. CONSORT NT SA COMPETITORS AND INDUSTRY ANALYSIS
5.1. Consort NT SA Direct Competitors
5.2. Comparison of Consort NT SA and Direct Competitors Financial Ratios
5.3. Comparison of Consort NT SA and Direct Competitors Stock Charts
5.4. Consort NT SA Industry Analysis
  5.4.1. Software and Technology Services Industry Snapshot
  5.4.2. Consort NT SA Industry Position Analysis
6. CONSORT NT SA NEWS & EVENTS
6.1. News & PR Activity Analysis
6.2. IR Corporate News
6.3. Marketing News
6.4. Corporate Events
7. CONSORT NT SA EXPERTS REVIEW1
7.1. Experts Opinion
7.2. Experts Estimates
8. CONSORT NT SA ENHANCED SWOT ANALYSIS2
9. FRANCE PESTEL ANALYSIS2
9.1. Political Factors
9.2. Economic Factors
9.3. Social Factors
9.4. Technological Factors
9.5. Environmental Factors
9.6. Legal Factors
10. CONSORT NT SA  IFE, EFE, IE MATRICES2
10.1. Internal Factor Evaluation Matrix
10.2. External Factor Evaluation Matrix
10.3. Internal External Matrix
11. CONSORT NT SA PORTER FIVE FORCES ANALYSIS2
12. CONSORT NT SA VRIO ANALYSIS2

APPENDIX: RATIO DEFINITIONS

LIST OF TABLES
Consort NT SA Key Facts
Profitability
Management Effectiveness
Income Statement Key Figures
Balance Sheet Key Figures
Cash Flow Statement Key Figures
Financial Performance Abbreviation Guide
Consort NT SA Key Executives
Key Executives Biographies1
Key Executives Compensations1
Consort NT SA Major Shareholders
Consort NT SA History	
Consort NT SA Products
Revenues by Segment 
Revenues by Region	
Consort NT SA Offices and Representations
Consort NT SA SWOT Analysis
Yearly Income Statement Including Trends 
Income Statement Latest 4 Quarters Including Trends 
Yearly Balance Sheet Including Trends 
Balance Sheet Latest 4 Quarters Including Trends 
Yearly Cash Flow Including Trends 
Cash Flow Latest 4 Quarters Including Trends 
Consort NT SA Profitability Ratios
Margin Analysis Ratios
Asset Turnover Ratios
Credit Ratios 
Long-Term Solvency Ratios
Financial Ratios Growth Over Prior Year
Consort NT SA Capital Market Snapshot
Consort NT SA Direct Competitors Key Facts
Direct Competitors Profitability Ratios
Direct Competitors Margin Analysis Ratios
Direct Competitors Asset Turnover Ratios
Direct Competitors Credit Ratios
Direct Competitors Long-Term Solvency Ratios
Software and Technology Services Industry Statistics
Consort NT SA Industry Position
Company vs. Industry Income Statement Analysis
Company vs. Industry Balance Sheet Analysis
Company vs. Industry Cash Flow Analysis
Company vs. Industry Ratios Comparison
Consort NT SA Consensus Recommendations1
Analyst Recommendation Summary1
Price Target Summary1
Experts Recommendation Trends1
Revenue Estimates Analysis1
Earnings Estimates Analysis1
Historical Surprises1
Revenue Estimates Trend1
Earnings Estimates Trend1
Revenue Revisions1
LIST OF FIGURES
Consort NT SA Annual Revenues in Comparison with Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Profit
Profit Margin Chart
Operating Margin Chart
Return on Equity (ROE) Chart
Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Debt to Equity Chart
Current Ratio Chart
Consort NT SA 1-year Stock Charts
Consort NT SA 5-year Stock Charts
Consort NT SA vs. Main Indexes 1-year Stock Chart
Consort NT SA vs. Direct Competitors 1-year Stock Charts
Consort NT SA Article Density Chart
1 – Data availability depends on company’s security policy. 
2 – These sections are available only when you purchase a report with appropriate additional types of analyses. 
The complete financial data is available for publicly traded companies.

SWOT Analysis
SWOT, which stands for Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threats, is an analytical framework that identifies the internal and external factors that are favorable and unfavorable for a company.

Enhanced SWOT Analysis
Enhanced SWOT is a 3×3 grid that arranges strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats into one scheme:

How to use the strengths to take advantage of the opportunities?
How to use the strengths to reduce likelihood and impact of the threats?
How to overcome the weaknesses that obstruct taking advantage of the opportunities? 
How to overcome the weaknesses that can make the threats a reality?

Upon answering these questions a company can develop a project plan to improve its business performance.

PESTEL Analysis
PESTEL (also termed as PESTLE) is an ideal tool to strategically analyze what influence different outside factors – political, economic, sociocultural, technological, environmental and legal – exert on a business to later chart its long term targets.
Being part of the external analysis when carrying out a strategic assessment or performing a market study, PESTEL gives an overview of diverse macro-environmental factors that any company should thoughtfully consider. By perceiving these outside environments, businesses can maximally benefit from the opportunities while minimizing the threats to the organization.
Key Factors Examined by PESTEL Analysis:

Political – What opportunities and pressures are brought by political bodies and what is the degree of public regulations’ impact on the business?
Economic – What economic policies, trends and structures are expected to affect the organization, what is this influence’s degree?
Sociological – What cultural and societal aspects will work upon the demand for the business’s products and operations?
Technological – What impact do the technological aspects, innovations, incentives and barriers have on the organization?
Environmental – What environmental and ecological facets, both locally and farther afield, are likely to predetermine the business?
Legal – What laws and legislation will exert influence on the style the business is carried out?


IFE, EFE, IE Matrices
The Internal Factor Evaluation matrix (IFE matrix) is a strategic management tool helping audit or evaluate major weaknesses and strengths in a business’s functional areas. In addition, IFE matrix serves as a basis for identifying and assessing relationships amongst those areas. The IFE matrix is utilised in strategy formulation.
The External Factor Evaluation matrix (EFE matrix) is a tool of strategic management that is typically utilised to assess current market conditions. It is an ideal instrument for visualising and prioritising the threats and opportunities a firm is facing.
The essential difference between the above mentioned matrices lies in the type of factors incorporated in the model; whilst the latter is engaged in internal factors, the former deals exceptionally with external factors – those exposed to social, political, economic, legal, etc. external forces. 
Being a continuation of the EFE matrix and IFE matrix models, the Internal External matrix (IE matrix) rests upon an investigation of external and internal business factors integrated into one suggestive model. 

Porter Five Forces Analysis
The Porter’s five forces analysis studies the industry of operation and helps the company find new sources of competitive advantage. The analysis surveys an industry through five major questions:

What composes a threat of substitute products and services?
Is there a threat of new competitors entering the market?
What is the intensity of competitive rivalry?
How big is the bargaining power of buyers?
How significant is the bargaining power of suppliers?


VRIO Analysis
VRIO stands for Value, Rarity, Imitability, Organization. This analysis helps to evaluate all company’s resources and capabilities and bring them together into one aggregate table that includes:

Tangible resources
Financial
Physical
Technological
Organizational

Intangible resources
Human
Innovation and Creativity
Reputation

Organizational capabilities

The result of the analysis gives a clear picture of company’s competitive and economic implications, answering the questions if the resources mentioned above are:

Valuable?
Rare? 
Costly to imitate? 
Organized properly? 

Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Consort Medical plc. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis
US$ 499.00
Aug, 2017 · 50 pages


Consort Medical plc (CSRT) - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2015 Update
US$ 750.00
Aug, 2015 · 50 pages


Oncologix Tech, Inc. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis
US$ 499.00
Aug, 2017 · 50 pages








Ask Your Question
Consort NT SA Due Diligence Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























 





Products overview | Schneider Electric























































My Products


My Documents


UK/EN Change country


Login/Join Partner































Products


 All Products




Residential and Small Business

Electrical Car Charging
Electrical Protection and Control
Home Automation
Home Security
Installation Materials and Systems
Light Switches and Electrical Sockets
Solar for Residential
Surge Protection and Power Conditioning
Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS)


Building Automation and Control

Building Management
Lighting Control
Power Monitoring and Control
Power Quality and Power Factor Correction
Valves, Actuators and Sensors
Variable Speed Drives and Soft Starters



Low Voltage Products and Systems

Busway and Cable Management
Circuit Breakers and Switches
Contactors and Protection Relays
Electrical Car Charging
Electrical Protection and Control
Fuse and Safety Switches
Motor Starters and Protection Components
Power Monitoring and Control
Power Quality and Power Factor Correction
Pushbuttons, Switches, Pilot Lights and Joysticks
Software
Surge Protection and Power Conditioning
Switchboards and Enclosures


Solar and Energy Storage

Commercial and Industrial
Solar for Residential
Solar Off-Grid and Back-Up



Medium Voltage Distribution and Grid Automation

Feeder Automation
Grid Automation and SCADA Software
Medium Voltage Switchgear
Medium-Voltage Transformers
Medium-Voltage/Low-Voltage Prefabricated Substations
Outdoor Equipment
Power Monitoring and Control
Protection Relays by Application
Protection Relays by Range
Substation Automation
Switchgear Components


Critical Power, Cooling and Racks

Cooling
Critical Power and Cooling Services
Data Center Software
IT Power Distribution
Racks and Accessories
Security and Environmental Monitoring
Surge Protection and Power Conditioning
Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS)



Industrial Automation and Control

Boxes, Cabling and Interfaces
Contactors and Protection Relays
Enclosures and Accessories
HMI (Terminals and Industrial PC)
Industrial Communication
Interface, Measurement and Control Relays
Motion Control and Robotics
Motor Starters and Protection Components
PLC, PAC and Dedicated Controllers
Power Supplies, Power Protection and Transformers
Pushbuttons, Switches, Pilot Lights and Joysticks
Sensors and RFID System
Signaling Units
Software
Telemetry and Remote SCADA Systems
Variable Speed Drives and Soft Starters

Software 
 Software by Function
 Software by Industry
 Software by Name






 Altivar Drives
 Galaxy VX
 Harmony Push Buttons
 Masterpact MTZ
 PowerTag
 Ringmaster RN2d
 Smart Panels
 Smart Ring Main Units






Solutions


 All Solutions



Solutions for Business

 Access to Energy
 Airports
 Cloud & Service Providers
 Data Centres
 Defence
 Education
 Electric Utilities
 Finance
 Food & Beverage
 Healthcare
 Hotels
 Machine Builders
 Mining, Minerals & Metals
 Oil & Gas
 Rail
 Residential
 Seaports
  Smart Cities
 Water/WasteWater



Solutions for Home

 Your Project
 Be Inspired

 
Solutions for Partners 
 APC Resellers

 Consultants
 EcoXpert Partner Program
 Electricians
 Original Equipment Manufacturers
 Panel Builders


Software Solutions

 Enterprise Software Suites
 Integrated System Architectures


Solution Systems

 Buildings Systems
 Machine Control
 Power & Grid Systems
 Process Automation

 
EcoStruxure: Innovation At Every Level 
 Building
 Grid
 IT
 Machine
 Platform
 Plant
 Power


Insights 


 
Become an Electrician Partner today
Helping to make life and business easier. Join our free programme today.

Partner with us today 





 Internet of Things
 Next Industrial Revolution

 EcoStruxure: Innovation at Every Level

 IoT 2020 Business Report

 Smart Machines

 Smart Manufacturing






Services


 All Services



Cloud Services

 Oil & Gas
 Utilities


Energy and Sustainability Services

 Energy Consulting
 Infrastructure and Efficiency Upgrades
 Measurement, Monitoring and Reporting
 Metering, Power Reliability and Microgrids
 Strategic Energy Sourcing Services
 Sustainability Services
 Water Consulting

 
Field and Automation Services 
 Critical Power & Cooling Services
 Electrical Distribution Services
 Industrial Automation Services
 Building Management System Services


Legislation 
 Green Premium (Check a product)
 IEC 61439-1&2 standards
 Machinery Safety Directive

 
Training 
 Building Management Training
 CPD Training
 Safety Centre Training
 Electrical Safety Courses
 Occupational Safety Courses
 Energy University



Customer Experience Centre 


 
Energy University
Browse our catalogue of over 200 FREE e-learning courses.
Start learning today






Support


 All Support



Support Centre 
 Download Centre

 Technical FAQs

 Part Number Substitution Tool

 CAD Files
 BIM Library

 
Contact Centre 
 Contact Sales
 Find a Distributor

 Find a Partner


 
Additional Links 
 My Schneider Electric (MYSE)

 Partner Support
 Schneider Electric UK Sites
 Cybersecurity
 Mobile Apps
 Energy University



 
mySchneider app
Access tailored services, 24/7 self-service and expert help. Anywhere, anytime, any project.
Discover now 






About Us


 All About Us




Careers 
 Why Schneider Electric?
 Our people
 Our teams
 Your experience level


Company profile 
 Awards and Recognition

 Company History

 Former Brands
 Leadership Team
 Schneider Electric in the UK
 What we do



Diversity

 Governance
 Initiatives

 
EcoStruxure: Innovation At Every Level 
 Building
 Grid
 IT
 Machine
 Platform
 Plant
 Power


Events 
 Data Centre Events


Legal

 CFL Factsheet
 Conditions of Purchase

 Conditions of Sale

 Terms of Use
 Privacy Policy

 
News

 



Sustainability 
 Access to Energy
 Responsibility & Ethics
 Foundation


 
Join the Digital Community!
Receive all the latest updates, news, and offers via Twitter.
Follow us on Twitter



















Schneider Electric United Kingdom Website


×




Welcome to our website.

Confirm this location
Choose another country or region






-Global-


English
Global


French
Global French




Asia Pacific


Australia


Bangladesh


Brunei


Cambodia


China


Fiji, Tonga


French Polynesia


Hong Kong


Hong Kong (English)


India


Indonesia (English)


Indonesia (Bahasa)


Japan


Kazakhstan


Korea, South


Laos


Malaysia


Maldives


Mongolia


Mongolia (English)


Myanmar (English)


Myanmar (Burmese)


New Caledonia


New Zealand


Papua New Guinea


Philippines


Singapore


Thailand


Thailand (Thailand)


Vietnam


Vietnam (Vietnamese)


Sri Lanka


Taiwan


Uzbekistan


Uzbekistan (English)




Europe


Albania


Austria


Belarus


Belarus (English)


Belgium


Belgium (Dutch)


Bosnia-Herzegovina


Bulgaria


Croatia


Cyprus


Czech Republic


Denmark


Estonia


Finland


France


Georgia


Georgia (English)


Germany


Greece


Hungary


Ireland


Italy


Kosovo


Latvia


Lithuania


Macedonia


Malta


Moldavia


Montenegro


Netherlands


Norway


Poland


Portugal


Romania


Russia


Serbia


Slovakia


Slovenia


Spain


Sweden


Switzerland (German)


Switzerland (French)


Turkey


Ukraine (Ukrainian)


Ukraine (Russian)


United Kingdom




Latin America


Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay


Bolivia


Brazil


Chile


Colombia


Ecuador


Peru


Venezuela


French Guiana




Middle East and Africa


Algeria


Azerbaijan (English)


Azerbaijan (Azerbaijani)


Bahrain (English)


Benin


Botswana


Burkina Faso


Cameroon


Central African Republic


Chad


Congo


Comoros


Dem. Rep. Congo (Zaire)


Egypt and North East Africa


Equatorial Guinea


Gabon


Gambia


Ghana


Guinea


Iraq


Israel


Ivory Coast


Jordan


Kenya


Kuwait


Libya


Liberia


Lebanon


Madagascar


Malawi


Mali


Mauritius


Mauritania


Mayotte


Morocco


Mozambique


Namibia


Nigeria


Niger


Oman


Pakistan


Qatar


Reunion


Saudi Arabia (English)


Saudi Arabia (Arabic)


Senegal


Seychelles


Sierra Leone


South Africa


Swaziland


Tanzania


Togo


Tunisia


Uganda


United Arab Emirates


Yemen


Zambia


Zimbabwe




North America


Barbados


Bahamas


Canada


Canada (French)


Costa Rica


Dominican Republic


El Salvador


Guadeloupe


Guatemala


Haiti


Honduras


Jamaica


Martinique


Mexico


Nicaragua


Panama


St. Barthelemy


St. Martin


St. Pierre & Miquelon


St. Lucia


Trinidad And Tobago


USA






 






All products



















Find the products, software or documentation that best meets your needs:

Product Finder

Product A-Z index
Download Centre
FAQs







Industrial Automation and Control


Learn more aboutIndustrial Automation and Control.

Boxes, Cabling and Interfaces
Contactors and Protection Relays
Enclosures and Accessories
HMI (Terminals and Industrial PC)
Industrial Communication
Interface, Measurement and Control Relays
Motion Control and Robotics
Motor Starters and Protection Components
PLC, PAC and Dedicated Controllers
Power Supplies, Power Protection and Transformers
Pushbuttons, Switches, Pilot Lights and Joysticks
Sensors and RFID System
Signaling Units
Software
Telemetry and Remote SCADA Systems
Variable Speed Drives and Soft Starters




Medium Voltage Distribution and Grid Automation


Learn more aboutMedium Voltage Distribution and Grid Automation.

Feeder Automation
Grid Automation and SCADA Software
Medium Voltage Switchgear
Medium-Voltage Transformers
Medium-Voltage/Low-Voltage Prefabricated Substations
Outdoor Equipment
Power Monitoring and Control
Protection Relays by Application
Protection Relays by Range
Substation Automation
Switchgear Components




Critical Power, Cooling and Racks


Learn more aboutCritical Power, Cooling and Racks.

Cooling
Critical Power and Cooling Services
Data Center Software
IT Power Distribution
Racks and Accessories
Security and Environmental Monitoring
Surge Protection and Power Conditioning
Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS)




Low Voltage Products and Systems


Learn more aboutLow Voltage Products and Systems.

Busway and Cable Management
Circuit Breakers and Switches
Contactors and Protection Relays
Electrical Car Charging
Electrical Protection and Control
Fuse and Safety Switches
Motor Starters and Protection Components
Power Monitoring and Control
Power Quality and Power Factor Correction
Pushbuttons, Switches, Pilot Lights and Joysticks
Software
Surge Protection and Power Conditioning
Switchboards and Enclosures




Solar and Energy Storage


Learn more aboutSolar and Energy Storage.

Commercial and Industrial
Solar Off-Grid and Back-Up
Solar for Residential




Residential and Small Business


Learn more aboutResidential and Small Business.

Electrical Car Charging
Electrical Protection and Control
Home Automation
Home Security
Installation Materials and Systems
Light Switches and Electrical Sockets
Solar for Residential
Surge Protection and Power Conditioning
Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS)




Building Automation and Control


Learn more aboutBuilding Automation and Control.

Building Management
Lighting Control
Power Monitoring and Control
Power Quality and Power Factor Correction
Valves, Actuators and Sensors
Variable Speed Drives and Soft Starters










    
Have a question?    
    

    
Search our library of technical questions, videos, guides, and answers created by our support team.    
    


                     Find an answer
                    




    
Looking for a distributor?    
    

    
A simple tool to locate easily your nearest Schneider Electric distributor    
    


                     Find your local distributor
                    



     
Ready to order?    
    

    
Save time by starting your sales inquiry online and an expert will connect with you! Please follow the link below, and supply your details.    
    


                     Contact sales
                    
 






















SUPPORT



 
                        Contact Sales
                     

 
                        Support Centre
                     



Find a Distributor        
    














 Site Map        
 Privacy and Cookie Policy        
 Terms Of Use        
©2016, Schneider Electric













IT & Technology Market Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology








IT & Technology Market Research Reports


Information technology (abbreviated as IT) refers to anything related to telecommunications, software, hardware, the Internet, or human resources engaged in these technologies. IT is part and parcel of the technology sector. The global technology exports are estimated at over USD 1.5 trillion per annum.
AT&T Inc., Telefonica S.A., International Business Machines Corporation, Verizon Communications Inc., France Telecom S.A., Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., Hewlett-Packard Company, Nokia Corporation are amidst the most influential vendors within the IT and technology market. In the future, the market is set to demonstrate considerable growth due to the soaring demand for IT products and services.
The research reports available in the Catalogue provide a detailed picture of the IT and technology market, including analyses of the competitive environment and performance of the key companies. The research studies examine main trends, mechanisms and challenges of the market. Besides, the reports assess the current situation on the market and provide data on future industry prospects.





All Regions

--
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Global
                                                                                --Africa
                                                                                --East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                --Europe
                                                                                --Middle East
                                                                                --North America
                                                                                --South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Algeria
                                                                                                                                                        --Angola
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Benin
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Botswana
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Burkina Faso
                                                                                --Burundi
                                                                                                                    --Cameroon
                                                                                --Cape Verde
                                                                                                                    --Central African Republic
                                                                                --Chad
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Comoros
                                                                                --Congo
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Djibouti
                                                                                                                                                        --East Timor
                                                                                                                    --Egypt
                                                                                                                    --Equatorial Guinea
                                                                                --Eritrea
                                                                                                                    --Ethiopia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Gabon
                                                                                --Gambia
                                                                                                                    --Ghana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Guinea
                                                                                --Guinea-Bissau
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Kenya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Lesotho
                                                                                --Liberia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Madagascar
                                                                                --Malawi
                                                                                                                                                        --Mali
                                                                                                                                                        --Mauritania
                                                                                --Mauritius
                                                                                --Mayotte
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Morocco
                                                                                --Mozambique
                                                                                                                    --Namibia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Niger
                                                                                --Nigeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Reunion
                                                                                                                    --Rwanda
                                                                                                                    --Sao Tome and Principe
                                                                                                                    --Senegal
                                                                                --Seychelles
                                                                                --Sierra Leone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Somalia
                                                                                --South Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Swaziland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Tanzania
                                                                                                                    --Togo
                                                                                                                                                        --Tunisia
                                                                                                                                                        --Uganda
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Zambia
                                                                                --Zimbabwe
                                                                                --Libya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cote d'Ivoire
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Sudan
                                                                                                                    --Timor-Leste
                                                                                                                                                        East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Samoa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Bangladesh
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Bhutan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Brunei Darussalam
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Cambodia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Fiji
                                                                                                                                                        --French Polynesia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Guam
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                                                        --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Japan
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Kiribati
                                                                                --North Korea
                                                                                --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                        --Lao PDR
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Macau
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Malaysia
                                                                                --Maldives
                                                                                                                                                        --Marshall Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Micronesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Mongolia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Nauru
                                                                                --Nepal
                                                                                                                    --New Caledonia
                                                                                --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Niue
                                                                                --Norfolk Island
                                                                                                                                                        --Pakistan
                                                                                --Palau
                                                                                                                    --Papua New Guinea
                                                                                                                                                        --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                        --Solomon Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Sri Lanka
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Taiwan
                                                                                                                                                        --Thailand
                                                                                                                    --Tonga
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Vanuatu
                                                                                                                    --Vietnam
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --St. Kitts and Nevis
                                                                                --St. Lucia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                        --Germany
                                                                                --Russia
                                                                                                                    --Belarus
                                                                                --Ukraine
                                                                                --Albania
                                                                                                                                                        --Andorra
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Austria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Belgium
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bulgaria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Croatia
                                                                                                                    --Czech Republic
                                                                                --Denmark
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Estonia
                                                                                                                                                        --Faroe Islands
                                                                                                                    --Finland
                                                                                --France
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Gibraltar
                                                                                --Greece
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hungary
                                                                                --Iceland
                                                                                                                                                        --Ireland
                                                                                --Italy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Latvia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Liechtenstein
                                                                                --Lithuania
                                                                                --Luxembourg
                                                                                                                    --Macedonia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Malta
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Moldova
                                                                                --Monaco
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Netherlands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Norway
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Poland
                                                                                --Portugal
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Romania
                                                                                                                    --San Marino
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Slovakia
                                                                                --Slovenia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Spain
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Sweden
                                                                                --Switzerland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Montenegro
                                                                                --Serbia
                                                                                                                                                        --St. Vincent and the Grenadines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Middle East
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Israel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Armenia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Azerbaijan
                                                                                                                    --Bahrain
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Cyprus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Georgia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Jordan
                                                                                --Kazakhstan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Kuwait
                                                                                --Kyrgyzstan
                                                                                                                                                        --Lebanon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Myanmar
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Oman
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Qatar
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Saudi Arabia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Tajikistan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Turkey
                                                                                --Turkmenistan
                                                                                                                    --United Arab Emirates
                                                                                                                    --Uzbekistan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Yemen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Afghanistan
                                                                                                                    --Iran
                                                                                --Iraq
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Syria
                                                                                                                    --West Bank and Gaza
                                                                                                                    North America
                                                                                                                --United States
                                                                                --Canada
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Anguilla
                                                                                --Antigua And Barbuda
                                                                                                                                                        --Aruba
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bahamas
                                                                                                                                                        --Barbados
                                                                                                                    --Belize
                                                                                                                    --Bermuda
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Cayman Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Costa Rica
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Dominica
                                                                                --Dominican Republic
                                                                                                                                                                                            --El Salvador
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Greenland
                                                                                --Grenada
                                                                                                                    --Guatemala
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Haiti
                                                                                --Honduras
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Jamaica
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Mexico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Montserrat
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Nicaragua
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Panama
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Puerto Rico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Trinidad and Tobago
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Virgin Islands (British)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cuba
                                                                                South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Argentina
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Bolivia
                                                                                                                                                        --Brazil
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Chile
                                                                                                                    --Colombia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Ecuador
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Falkland Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Guyana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Paraguay
                                                                                --Peru
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Suriname
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Uruguay
                                                                                                                                                        --Venezuela
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

IT & Technology
--Consumer Electronics  --Hardware  --IT Services  --Semiconductors  --Software  --Telecommunications  

All Publishers 6Wresearch
                        9Dimen Research
                        ABOUT Publishing Group
                        AccuStream iMedia Research
                        AFS Research
                        Allied Market Research
                        Ameria cjsc
                        AMID
                        ARC Financial Services Pvt Ltd
                        Arcluster
                        Aruvian's R'search
                        Asia Pacific InfoServ Pty
                        Asianius Research
                        ASKCI Consulting Co., Ltd
                        ATLANTIC-ACM
                        Axis Research Mind
                        Azoth Analytics
                        BAC Country Trade Reports
                        BAC EU Market Reports
                        BAC Industry Business Reports
                        BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC International Trade Report
                        BAC Market Reports
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Barnes Reports
                        BCC Research
                        Beige Market Intelligence
                        Beijing Zeefer Consulting
                        Bishop & Associates
                        BisReport Information Consulting CO., Ltd
                        Bonafide Research & Marketing Pvt. Ltd.
                        BPA Consulting
                        BRICdata
                        BuddeComm
                        Buhaisi Consulting International
                        Centre for Investment and Industry Analysis and Forecas
                        CHILDWISE
                        China Research and Intelligence
                        Chisult Insight Co., Limited
                        Chlue Research
                        Compass Intelligence
                        Daedal Research
                        DataGroup Booksellers
                        DataMarketResearch (DMR)
                        datamining
                        Detailed-Analysis Research (DAR)
                        Emerging Markets Analysts 
                        Emerging Markets Direct
                        EU Research 
                        Euromonitor International
                        Evans Data Corporation
                        Feedback Consulting
                        FineIntel
                        FirstWord
                        Four-S Services Private Limited
                        Future Markets
                        GBI Research
                        GCC
                        GCiS China Strategic Research
                        Global Industry Analysts
                        Global Research & Data Services
                        Global Sources
                        GlobalData
                        GlobalInfoResearch
                        GMR Data Ltd.
                        Goode Intelligence
                        Goulden Reports 
                        Grace Market Data (GMD)
                        Grand View Research, Inc.
                        Guangzhou CCM Information Science & Technology
                        Gyan Research and Analytics Pvt. Ltd.
                        HeyReport
                        HJResearch
                        HnyB Insights
                        Homeland Security Research Corporation
                        Huidian Research
                        IBI Research & Consulting Group Ltd
                        ICON Group International
                        iData Insights
                        iData Research
                        IDATE Consulting & Research
                        IDTechEx
                        IE Market Research Corporation
                        iGATE Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        IHL Consulting Group
                        IMARC Group
                        Indagatio Research
                        Industry Experts
                        IndustryARC
                        Infiniti Research
                        Infoholic Research
                        Information agency CredInform North-West
                        Information Trends
                        Innovative Research & Products
                        Intellectual Property Exchange
                        INTELLIROI
                        Investment & Research (I&R)
                        IRN Research
                        IS Advisors
                        JP Research
                        JuxtConsult Research & Consulting
                        Kairos Future AB
                        KBV Research
                        Ken Research 
                        Knowledge Sourcing Intelligence LLP
                        Koncept Analytics
                        Kuick Research
                        La Merie Publishing
                        Linarch Information Solutions
                        LP Information
                        Lucintel
                        Maia Research
                        Market and Business Development
                        Market Intelligence & Consulting Institute (MIC)
                        Market Research Engine 
                        Market Research Future 
                        MarketLine
                        MarketMonitor Consultancy
                        MarketsandMarkets
                        MarketSizeInfo.com
                        Maverick China Research
                        Meticulous Market Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        MicroMarketMonitor
                        Mind Commerce Publishing
                        NanoMarkets
                        Neodata Ltd
                        Netscribes
                        Nevafilm Research
                        NIIR Project Consultancy Services
                        NNMT Advisor
                        Occams Business Research & Consulting
                        OG Analysis
                        Omi Advisories
                        Orion Market Research Private Limited
                        Ovum
                        Parks Associates
                        Perform Ventures
                        Plimsoll Publishing
                        Plunkett Research, Ltd. 
                        Prof Research 
                        Progressive Markets (owned by Antviews Global)
                        QYResearch
                        Red Mobile Consulting
                        Red Mountain Insights
                        Renub Research
                        Reports From China
                        Research Facts
                        Research Nester Pvt. Ltd.
                        ResearchFox Consulting 
                        ResearchInChina
                        RNCOS E-Services
                        Rockville Research
                        S&P Consulting
                        Sadia Saeed
                        SBI
                        SCRI International
                        Signals and Systems Telecom
                        Simba Information
                        SkyQuest Technology Group
                        Smart Research Insights
                        SMI
                        SNE Research
                        Socintel360
                        Stanley Consulting Corporation
                        Stellar Analytics
                        Stratistics Market Research Consulting
                        Stratview Research
                        SunFaith China
                        Tariff Consultancy
                        TechPerspect Software Pvt. Ltd.
                        TechSci Research
                        Teleresearchlabs
                        The Black Book of Outsourcing
                        The Business Research Company
                        The Insight Partners
                        Tuoda Research
                        US Market Insights (UMI)
                        Vandagraf International Limited
                        Variant Market Research
                        Venture Planning Group
                        Ventures Middle East
                        Veraart  Research Group
                        Verify Markets
                        Vietnam Industry Research And Consultant (VIRAC)
                        Visiongain
                        Williams & Marshall Strategy
                        WinterGreen Research
                        WiseStrokes
                        World Market Intelligence
                        Zion Market Research
                    



                            Found
                                 94242 publications                    



Global and United States Vibration Platform In-Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ...  all details inside analysis and opinions in Vibration Platform industry. Major Companies Pinty(United States) Merax(United States) Rockagotor(Japan) AeroFix Cycles(Japan) YIRENQU ...  Jul, 2017 124 pages


Global and United States Treadmill In-Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ...  opinions in Treadmill industry. Major Companies Reebok(United States) SOLE(United States) BH(Spain) Teeburon(Japan) YIJIAN(China) ICON(China) TRUE(United States) Under Armour(United States) Vision(United States) WALKINGBELTS ...  Aug, 2017 124 pages


Global and United States Portable Speakers In-Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ... in Portable Speakers industry. Major Companies JBL(United States) Harman/Kardon(United States) HiVi(United States) BOSE(United States) Beats(United States) CircleMalls(United States) CorpCase(United States) Dell(United States) IDEA LINE(United States) IZENGATE(United States) Audiopipe (United States) BENTOBEN ...  Jul, 2017 158 pages


Global and United States E-beam Accelerators In-Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ... . As an in-depth report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinions in E-beam Accelerators industry. Major Companies IBA (Belgium) Wasik Associates (US) Jiangsu ... ) Iotron (Canada) Vivirad Group (France) Key Regions North America United States California Texas New York Others Canada Latin America Mexico ...  Aug, 2017 104 pages


Global and Europe Vibration Platform Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022
US$ 2,960.00
This report presents a comprehensive overview of the Vibration Platform market in Europe, which shares the history data information from 2012  ... covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Vibration Platform industry. This report focuses Global and Europe market, including details as following: Key Players ...  Jul, 2017 122 pages


Global and Europe Security Equipment Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022
US$ 2,960.00
This report presents a comprehensive overview of the Security Equipment market in Europe, which shares the history data information from 2012  ... covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Security Equipment industry. This report focuses Global and Europe market, including details as following: Key Players ...  Jul, 2017 118 pages


Global and Europe Hearing Aid Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022
US$ 2,960.00
This report presents a comprehensive overview of the Hearing Aid market in Europe, which shares the history data information from 2012 to 2016 ...  it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Hearing Aid industry. This report focuses on Global and Europe market, including details as following: Key Players ...  Jul, 2017 120 pages


Global Portable Speakers Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... their price change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Portable Speakers industry. This report splits Portable Speakers market By Connection ...  2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies JBL(United States ...  Aug, 2017 113 pages


Global Personal Computer Monitor Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Personal Computer Monitor industry. This report splits Personal Computer Monitor market ... 2017 to 2022. This report focuses on Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies Alienware(United States ...  Aug, 2017 128 pages


Global Money Counter Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... their price change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Money Counter industry. This report splits Money Counter market By Security  ... from 2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies Royal Sovereign(United ...  Aug, 2017 112 pages


Global Microphone Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ...  their price change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Microphone industry. This report splits Microphone market By Polar Pattern ...  from 2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies Audix(United States) ...  Aug, 2017 117 pages


Global IC Card Management System Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... , it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in IC Card Management System industry. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type ... China Japan India Southeast Asia Others Main Product Type IC Card Management System Market, by Type Smart Door Lock Fingerprint Readers Fuel ...  Aug, 2017 118 pages


Global E-beam Accelerators Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in E-beam Accelerators industry. This report splits E-beam Accelerators market ... Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies IBA (Belgium) Wasik Associates (US) Jiangsu Dasheng Electron Accelerator ...  Aug, 2017 109 pages


Global Digital Voice Recorder Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ...  details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Digital Voice Recorder industry. This report splits Digital Voice Recorder market By Recorder Interface ...  2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies Radwag(United  ...  Aug, 2017 106 pages


Global Digital Photo Frame Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... price change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Digital Photo Frame industry. This report splits Digital Photo Frame market  ... forecast from 2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies HP(United States)  ...  Aug, 2017 116 pages


Global Veido Projector Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Veido Projector market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD ...  of products Veido Projector Market, by Usage Gaming Home Theater Business Education Portable Veido Projector Market, by Connectivity Type HDMI USB Wireless MHL Others Veido Projector Market, by Image ...  Jul, 2017 126 pages


Global Selfie Stick Market Research Report 2017-2022 By Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Selfie Stick market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Selfie Stick market. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type and other ...  Jul, 2017 137 pages


Global Screen Protector Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Screen Protector market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Screen Protector market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players IQShield(UnitedStates) KlearCut ...  Jul, 2017 129 pages


Global Router Market Research Report 2017-2022 By Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Router market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Router market. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type and other ...  Jul, 2017 131 pages


Global Portable Speakers Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Portable Speakers market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Portable Speakers market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players JBL(United States ...  Jul, 2017 130 pages


Global Portable Memory Storage Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Portable Memory Storage market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Portable Memory Storage market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players WD(United States)  ...  Jul, 2017 127 pages


Global Pipeline Monitoring Systems Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Pipeline Monitoring Systems market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD ... strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Pipeline Monitoring Systems market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Siemens AG ( ...  Jul, 2017 105 pages


Global Microphone Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Microphone market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Microphone market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Audix(United States ...  Jul, 2017 128 pages


Global Memory Card Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Memory Card market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Memory Card market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players SEAGATE(United States ...  Jul, 2017 126 pages


Global Hi-Fi Music Player Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Hi-Fi Music Player market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  by them is also covered in this report on Hi-Fi Music Player market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Sonos(United States) Apple(United States ...  Jul, 2017 115 pages


Global Game Controller Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Game Controller market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Game Controller market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Microsoft(United States ...  Jul, 2017 132 pages


Global Electronic Dictionary Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Electronic Dictionary market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ... strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Electronic Dictionary market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Casematic(United States ...  Jul, 2017 146 pages


Global E-beam Accelerators Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global E-beam Accelerators market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to  ...  types of products E-beam Accelerators Market, by Movement Mode Linear Accelerator Circular Movement Accelerator E-beam Accelerators Market, by Power 20KW 50KW 100KW Other E-beam Accelerators Market, by Key Consumer ...  Aug, 2017 102 pages


Global Digital Photo Frame Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Digital Photo Frame market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Digital Photo Frame market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players HP(United States) Minidiva ...  Jul, 2017 158 pages


Global Data Cable Market Research Report 2017-2022 By Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Data Cable market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Data Cable market. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type and other ...  Jul, 2017 152 pages


Global Action Camera Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Action Camera market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Action Camera market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players GoPro(United States ...  Jul, 2017 158 pages


Microdisplay Market (By Type: Near-To-Eye and Projection; By Technology: Liquid Crystal Display (LCD), Organic Light-Emitting Diode (OLED), Digital Light Processing (DLP), and Liquid...
US$ 3,195.00
 ...  & services, new developments and business strategies Scope of Microdisplay Market Product Type Segments Near-To-Eye Projection Technology Type Segments Digital Light Processing (DLP) Liquid Crystal ...  Jul, 2017 115 pages


Magneto Resistive RAM (MRAM) Market (By Product: Toggle Magneto Resistive RAM and Second-Generation Magneto Resistive RAM; By Application: Automotive, Enterprise Storage, Consumer...
US$ 3,195.00
 ... , new developments, and business strategies Scope of Magneto Resistive RAM (MRAM) Market Product Segments Toggle Magneto Resistive RAM Second-Generation Magneto Resistive RAM (STT MRAM) Application Segments Automotive Enterprise Storage Consumer ...  Jul, 2017 110 pages


Flexible Printed Circuit Board Market (By Type: Single Sided Flex Circuits, Double Sided Flex Circuits, Multi-Layer Flex Circuits, Rigid Flex Circuits; By Application: Instrumentations &...
US$ 3,195.00
Global Flexible Printed Circuit Board Market is estimated to reach $33 billion by 2024; growing at a CAGR of 10.6% from 2016 to 2024. Flexible printed circuit board (FPCB) is a technology of assembling printed electric circuits on a flexible substrate. FPCB are designed as a replacement ...  Jul, 2017 140 pages


3D Semiconductor Packaging Market (By Technology Type: 3D Package-On-Package, 3D Wire-Bonded, 3D Fan-Out Based, 3D Through-Silicon-Via; By Materials Type: Bonding Wire, Organic Substrate,...
US$ 3,195.00
 ...  global 3D Semiconductor Packaging Market An exhaustive regional analysis of 3D Semiconductor Packaging Market from 2015 to 2024 will be included in the report Profile of the key players in the 3D Semiconductor Packaging Market, will be provided ...  Jul, 2017 120 pages


Global Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017
US$ 2,800.00
 ... Global Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Bluetooth Smart and Smart ...  Ready Market. The report analysis the global market of Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready by main  ...  Jul, 2017 95 pages


Global Near Field Communication (NFC) Market By Product Type (Non-Auxiliary Vs. Auxiliary), By Device Operating Mode, By Device Type, By Application, By End Use Industry, By Region,...
US$ 4,000.00
 ...  2022”, some of the major players operating in global near field communication (NFC) market are NXP Semiconductors Netherlands N.V., STMicroelectronics N.V.,  ... Inc., Toshiba Corporation, MediaTek Inc., Visa Inc., etc. “Global Near Field Communication (NFC) Market By Product Type, By Device Operating Mode, By ...  Aug, 2017 265 pages


Telecom Industry Business Outlook and Procurement Report H1 2017
US$ 1,950.00
 ... ’ opinion on the business outlook and procurement activities over July 2017-December 2017. Organizations can know about key business priorities, supplier price variations, changes in capital expenditure, and organizations ...  Jul, 2017 52 pages


IoT in Europe: Market opportunities and main applications
US$ 1,195.00
 ...  the size of IoT in Europe by connectivity, vertical and applications Case studies: We continue with a review of the IoT applications that leading telecom companies - Vodafone Germany, Orange France, Telefónica Spain and O2 UK - have ...  Jul, 2017 33 pages


Vodafone: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Vodafone performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Verizon Communications: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Verizon Communications performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information,  ...  suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


VEON: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on VEON performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis  ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants ...  Aug, 2017


United States Cellular: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on United States Cellular performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


T-Mobile US: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on T-Mobile US performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Tim Participacoes: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Tim Participacoes performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information,  ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


TELUS: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on TELUS performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants ...  Aug, 2017


Telenor ASA: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Telenor ASA performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Telefonica SA: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Telefonica SA performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Telefonica Brasil SA: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Telefonica Brasil SA performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Telecom Italia SpA: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Telecom Italia SpA performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:





















 











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































CONSORT 2010 Explanation and Elaboration: updated guidelines for reporting parallel group randomised trials | The BMJ















 










Skip to main content


    This site uses cookies. More info
Close
By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more here
Close














Subscribe




    My Account    

My email alerts



BMA member login



    Login    




Username *



Password *



Forgot your sign in details? 


Need to activate 




BMA members 


Sign in via OpenAthens 


Sign in via your institution 











Edition: 


    International    

US
UK
South Asia






 




Our company












Toggle navigation




The BMJ logo

Site map




Search






Search form
SearchSearch




 




Advanced search
Search responses
Search blogs









Toggle top menu













 



Research
CONSORT 2010...
CONSORT 2010 Explanation and Elaboration: updated guidelines for reporting parallel group randomised trials
 



 

CCBYNC Open access 


 











Research Methods & Reporting
CONSORT 2010 Explanation and Elaboration: updated guidelines for reporting parallel group randomised trials
BMJ
2010;
    340
 doi: https://doi.org/10.1136/bmj.c869
(Published 24 March 2010)

    Cite this as: BMJ 2010;340:c869  

 



Article
Related content
Metrics
Responses
Peer review

 







This article has a correction. Please see:Errata - September 29, 2011
 



David Moher, senior scientist1, Sally Hopewell, senior research fellow2, Kenneth F Schulz, distinguished scientist and vice president3, Victor Montori, professor of medicine4, Peter C Gøtzsche, director5, P J Devereaux, clinical scholar6, Diana Elbourne, professor of health care evaluation7, Matthias Egger, head of department and professor of epidemiology and public health8, Douglas G Altman, professor21Ottawa Methods Centre, Clinical Epidemiology Program, Ottawa Hospital Research Institute, Ottawa Hospital, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, K1H 8L62Centre for Statistics in Medicine, University of Oxford, Wolfson College, Oxford 3Family Health International, Research Triangle Park, NC 27709, USA4UK Knowledge and Encounter Research Unit, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA5The Nordic Cochrane Centre, Rigshospitalet, Blegdamsvej 9, Copenhagen, Denmark6McMaster University Health Sciences Centre, Hamilton, Canada 7Medical Statistics Unit, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, London8Institute of Social and Preventive Medicine (ISPM), University of Bern, SwitzerlandCorrespondence to: D Moher  dmoher{at}ohri.caAccepted 8 February 2010AbstractOverwhelming evidence shows the quality of reporting of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) is not optimal. Without transparent reporting, readers cannot judge the reliability and validity of trial findings nor extract information for systematic reviews. Recent methodological analyses indicate that inadequate reporting and design are associated with biased estimates of treatment effects. Such systematic error is seriously damaging to RCTs, which are considered the gold standard for evaluating interventions because of their ability to minimise or avoid bias.A group of scientists and editors developed the CONSORT (Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials) statement to improve the quality of reporting of RCTs. It was first published in 1996 and updated in 2001. The statement consists of a checklist and flow diagram that authors can use for reporting an RCT. Many leading medical journals and major international editorial groups have endorsed the CONSORT statement. The statement facilitates critical appraisal and interpretation of RCTs.During the 2001 CONSORT revision, it became clear that explanation and elaboration of the principles underlying the CONSORT statement would help investigators and others to write or appraise trial reports. A CONSORT explanation and elaboration article was published in 2001 alongside the 2001 version of the CONSORT statement.After an expert meeting in January 2007, the CONSORT statement has been further revised and is published as the CONSORT 2010 Statement. This update improves the wording and clarity of the previous checklist and incorporates recommendations related to topics that have only recently received recognition, such as selective outcome reporting bias.This explanatory and elaboration document—intended to enhance the use, understanding, and dissemination of the CONSORT statement—has also been extensively revised. It presents the meaning and rationale for each new and updated checklist item providing examples of good reporting and, where possible, references to relevant empirical studies. Several examples of flow diagrams are included.The CONSORT 2010 Statement, this revised explanatory and elaboration document, and the associated website (www.consort-statement.org) should be helpful resources to improve reporting of randomised trials.“The whole of medicine depends on the transparent reporting of clinical trials.”1Well designed and properly executed randomised controlled trials (RCTs) provide the most reliable evidence on the efficacy of healthcare interventions, but trials with inadequate methods are associated with bias, especially exaggerated treatment effects.2 3 4 5 Biased results from poorly designed and reported trials can mislead decision making in health care at all levels, from treatment decisions for a patient to formulation of national public health policies.Critical appraisal of the quality of clinical trials is possible only if the design, conduct, and analysis of RCTs are thoroughly and accurately described in the report. Far from being transparent, the reporting of RCTs is often incomplete,6 7 8 9 compounding problems arising from poor methodology.10 11 12 13 14 15Incomplete and inaccurate reportingMany reviews have documented deficiencies in reports of clinical trials. For example, information on the method used in a trial to assign participants to comparison groups was reported in only 21% of 519 trial reports indexed in PubMed in 2000,16 and only 34% of 616 reports indexed in 2006.17 Similarly, only 45% of trial reports indexed in PubMed in 200016 and 53% in 200617 defined a primary end point, and only 27% in 2000 and 45% in 2006 reported a sample size calculation. Reporting is not only often incomplete but also sometimes inaccurate. Of 119 reports stating that all participants were included in the analysis in the groups to which they were originally assigned (intention-to-treat analysis), 15 (13%) excluded patients or did not analyse all patients as allocated.18 Many other reviews have found that inadequate reporting is common in specialty journals16 19 and journals published in languages other than English.20 21Proper randomisation reduces selection bias at trial entry and is the crucial component of high quality RCTs.22 Successful randomisation hinges on two steps: generation of an unpredictable allocation sequence and concealment of this sequence from the investigators enrolling participants (see box 1).2 23Box 1: Treatment allocation. What’s so special about randomisation?The method used to assign interventions to trial participants is a crucial aspect of clinical trial design. Random assignment is the preferred method; it has been successfully used regularly in trials for more than 50 years.24 Randomisation has three major advantages.25 First, when properly implemented, it eliminates selection bias, balancing both known and unknown prognostic factors, in the assignment of treatments. Without randomisation, treatment comparisons may be prejudiced, whether consciously or not, by selection of participants of a particular kind to receive a particular treatment. Second, random assignment permits the use of probability theory to express the likelihood that any difference in outcome between intervention groups merely reflects chance.26 Third, random allocation, in some situations, facilitates blinding the identity of treatments to the investigators, participants, and evaluators, possibly by use of a placebo, which reduces bias after assignment of treatments.27 Of these three advantages, reducing selection bias at trial entry is usually the most important.28Successful randomisation in practice depends on two interrelated aspects—adequate generation of an unpredictable allocation sequence and concealment of that sequence until assignment occurs.2 23 A key issue is whether the schedule is known or predictable by the people involved in allocating participants to the comparison groups.29 The treatment allocation system should thus be set up so that the person enrolling participants does not know in advance which treatment the next person will get, a process termed allocation concealment.2 23 Proper allocation concealment shields knowledge of forthcoming assignments, whereas proper random sequences prevent correct anticipation of future assignments based on knowledge of past assignments.Unfortunately, despite that central role, reporting of the methods used for allocation of participants to interventions is also generally inadequate. For example, 5% of 206 reports of supposed RCTs in obstetrics and gynaecology journals described studies that were not truly randomised.23 This estimate is conservative, as most reports do not at present provide adequate information about the method of allocation.20 23 30 31 32 33Improving the reporting of RCTs: the CONSORT statementDerSimonian and colleagues suggested that “editors could greatly improve the reporting of clinical trials by providing authors with a list of items that they expected to be strictly reported.”34 Early in the 1990s, two groups of journal editors, trialists, and methodologists independently published recommendations on the reporting of trials.35 36 In a subsequent editorial, Rennie urged the two groups to meet and develop a common set of recommendations 37; the outcome was the CONSORT statement (Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials).38The CONSORT statement (or simply CONSORT) comprises a checklist of essential items that should be included in reports of RCTs and a diagram for documenting the flow of participants through a trial. It is aimed at primary reports of RCTs with two group, parallel designs. Most of CONSORT is also relevant to a wider class of trial designs, such as non-inferiority, equivalence, factorial, cluster, and crossover trials. Extensions to the CONSORT checklist for reporting trials with some of these designs have been published,39 40 41 as have those for reporting certain types of data (harms 42), types of interventions (non-pharmacological treatments 43, herbal interventions44), and abstracts.45The objective of CONSORT is to provide guidance to authors about how to improve the reporting of their trials. Trial reports need be clear, complete, and transparent. Readers, peer reviewers, and editors can also use CONSORT to help them critically appraise and interpret reports of RCTs. However, CONSORT was not meant to be used as a quality assessment instrument. Rather, the content of CONSORT focuses on items related to the internal and external validity of trials. Many items not explicitly mentioned in CONSORT should also be included in a report, such as information about approval by an ethics committee, obtaining informed consent from participants, and, where relevant, existence of a data safety and monitoring committee. In addition, any other aspects of a trial that are mentioned should be properly reported, such as information pertinent to cost effectiveness analysis.46 47 48Since its publication in 1996, CONSORT has been supported by more than 400 journals (www.consort-statement.org) and several editorial groups, such as the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors.49 The introduction of CONSORT within journals is associated with improved quality of reports of RCTs.17 50 51 However, CONSORT is an ongoing initiative, and the CONSORT statement is revised periodically.3 CONSORT was last revised nine years ago, in 2001.52 53 54 Since then the evidence base to inform CONSORT has grown considerably; empirical data have highlighted new concerns regarding the reporting of RCTs, such as selective outcome reporting.55 56 57 A CONSORT Group meeting was therefore convened in January 2007, in Canada, to revise the 2001 CONSORT statement and its accompanying explanation and elaboration document. The revised checklist is shown in table 1⇓ and the flow diagram, not revised, in fig 1⇓.52 53 54Table 1  CONSORT 2010 checklist of information to include when reporting a randomised trial*View this table:View popupView inlineFig 1 Flow diagram of the progress through the phases of a parallel randomised trial of two groups (that is, enrolment, intervention allocation, follow-up, and data analysis)52 53 54Download figure
Open in new tab
Download powerpoint
The CONSORT 2010 Statement: explanation and elaborationDuring the 2001 CONSORT revision, it became clear that explanation and elaboration of the principles underlying the CONSORT statement would help investigators and others to write or appraise trial reports. The CONSORT explanation and elaboration article58 was published in 2001 alongside the 2001 version of the CONSORT statement. It discussed the rationale and scientific background for each item and provided published examples of good reporting. The rationale for revising that article is similar to that for revising the statement, described above. We briefly describe below the main additions and deletions to this version of the explanation and elaboration article.The CONSORT 2010 Explanation and Elaboration: changesWe have made several substantive and some cosmetic changes to this version of the CONSORT explanatory document (full details are highlighted in the 2010 version of the CONSORT statement59). Some reflect changes to the CONSORT checklist; there are three new checklist items in the CONSORT 2010 checklist—such as item 24, which asks authors to report where their trial protocol can be accessed. We have also updated some existing explanations, including adding more recent references to methodological evidence, and used some better examples. We have removed the glossary, which is now available on the CONSORT website (www.consort-statement.org). Where possible, we describe the findings of relevant empirical studies. Many excellent books on clinical trials offer fuller discussion of methodological issues.60 61 62 Finally, for convenience, we sometimes refer to “treatments” and “patients,” although we recognise that not all interventions evaluated in RCTs are treatments and not all participants are patients.Checklist itemsTitle and abstractItem 1a. Identification as a randomised trial in the title.Example—“Smoking reduction with oral nicotine inhalers: double blind, randomised clinical trial of efficacy and safety.”63Explanation—The ability to identify a report of a randomised trial in an electronic database depends to a large extent on how it was indexed. Indexers may not classify a report as a randomised trial if the authors do not explicitly report this information.64 To help ensure that a study is appropriately indexed and easily identified, authors should use the word “randomised” in the title to indicate that the participants were randomly assigned to their comparison groups.Item 1b. Structured summary of trial design, methods, results, and conclusionsFor specific guidance see CONSORT for abstracts.45 65Explanation—Clear, transparent, and sufficiently detailed abstracts are important because readers often base their assessment of a trial on such information. Some readers use an abstract as a screening tool to decide whether to read the full article. However, as not all trials are freely available and some health professionals do not have access to the full trial reports, healthcare decisions are sometimes made on the basis of abstracts of randomised trials.66A journal abstract should contain sufficient information about a trial to serve as an accurate record of its conduct and findings, providing optimal information about the trial within the space constraints and format of a journal. A properly constructed and written abstract helps individuals to assess quickly the relevance of the findings and aids the retrieval of relevant reports from electronic databases.67 The abstract should accurately reflect what is included in the full journal article and should not include information that does not appear in the body of the paper. Studies comparing the accuracy of information reported in a journal abstract with that reported in the text of the full publication have found claims that are inconsistent with, or missing from, the body of the full article.68 69 70 71 Conversely, omitting important harms from the abstract could seriously mislead someone’s interpretation of the trial findings.42 72A recent extension to the CONSORT statement provides a list of essential items that authors should include when reporting the main results of a randomised trial in a journal (or conference) abstract (see table 2⇓).45 We strongly recommend the use of structured abstracts for reporting randomised trials. They provide readers with information about the trial under a series of headings pertaining to the design, conduct, analysis, and interpretation.73 Some studies have found that structured abstracts are of higher quality than the more traditional descriptive abstracts74 75 and that they allow readers to find information more easily.76 We recognise that many journals have developed their own structure and word limit for reporting abstracts. It is not our intention to suggest changes to these formats, but to recommend what information should be reported.Table 2  Items to include when reporting a randomised trial in a journal abstract View this table:View popupView inlineIntroductionItem 2a. Scientific background and explanation of rationaleExample—“Surgery is the treatment of choice for patients with disease stage I and II non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) … An NSCLC meta-analysis combined the results from eight randomised trials of surgery versus surgery plus adjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy and showed a small, but not significant (p=0.08), absolute survival benefit of around 5% at 5 years (from 50% to 55%). At the time the current trial was designed (mid-1990s), adjuvant chemotherapy had not become standard clinical practice … The clinical rationale for neo-adjuvant chemotherapy is three-fold: regression of the primary cancer could be achieved thereby facilitating and simplifying or reducing subsequent surgery; undetected micro-metastases could be dealt with at the start of treatment; and there might be inhibition of the putative stimulus to residual cancer by growth factors released by surgery and by subsequent wound healing … The current trial was therefore set up to compare, in patients with resectable NSCLC, surgery alone versus three cycles of platinum-based chemotherapy followed by surgery in terms of overall survival, quality of life, pathological staging, resectability rates, extent of surgery, and time to and site of relapse.”77Explanation—Typically, the introduction consists of free flowing text, in which authors explain the scientific background and rationale for their trial, and its general outline. It may also be appropriate to include here the objectives of the trial (see item 2b).The rationale may be explanatory (for example, to assess the possible influence of a drug on renal function) or pragmatic (for example, to guide practice by comparing the benefits and harms of two treatments). Authors should report any evidence of the benefits and harms of active interventions included in a trial and should suggest a plausible explanation for how the interventions might work, if this is not obvious.78The Declaration of Helsinki states that biomedical research involving people should be based on a thorough knowledge of the scientific literature.79 That is, it is unethical to expose humans unnecessarily to the risks of research. Some clinical trials have been shown to have been unnecessary because the question they addressed had been or could have been answered by a systematic review of the existing literature.80 81 Thus, the need for a new trial should be justified in the introduction. Ideally, it should include a reference to a systematic review of previous similar trials or a note of the absence of such trials.82Item 2b. Specific objectives or hypothesesExample—“In the current study we tested the hypothesis that a policy of active management of nulliparous labour would: 1. reduce the rate of caesarean section, 2. reduce the rate of prolonged labour; 3. not influence maternal satisfaction with the birth experience.”83Explanation—Objectives are the questions that the trial was designed to answer. They often relate to the efficacy of a particular therapeutic or preventive intervention. Hypotheses are pre-specified questions being tested to help meet the objectives. Hypotheses are more specific than objectives and are amenable to explicit statistical evaluation. In practice, objectives and hypotheses are not always easily differentiated. Most reports of RCTs provide adequate information about trial objectives and hypotheses.84MethodsItem 3a. Description of trial design (such as parallel, factorial) including allocation ratioExample—“This was a multicenter, stratified (6 to 11 years and 12 to 17 years of age, with imbalanced randomisation [2:1]), double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study conducted in the United States (41 sites).”85Explanation—The word “design” is often used to refer to all aspects of how a trial is set up, but it also has a narrower interpretation. Many specific aspects of the broader trial design, including details of randomisation and blinding, are addressed elsewhere in the CONSORT checklist. Here we seek information on the type of trial, such as parallel group or factorial, and the conceptual framework, such as superiority or non-inferiority, and other related issues not addressed elsewhere in the checklist.The CONSORT statement focuses mainly on trials with participants individually randomised to one of two “parallel” groups. In fact, little more than half of published trials have such a design.16 The main alternative designs are multi-arm parallel, crossover, cluster,40 and factorial designs. Also, most trials are set to identify the superiority of a new intervention, if it exists, but others are designed to assess non-inferiority or equivalence.39 It is important that researchers clearly describe these aspects of their trial, including the unit of randomisation (such as patient, GP practice, lesion). It is desirable also to include these details in the abstract (see item 1b).If a less common design is employed, authors are encouraged to explain their choice, especially as such designs may imply the need for a larger sample size or more complex analysis and interpretation.Although most trials use equal randomisation (such as 1:1 for two groups), it is helpful to provide the allocation ratio explicitly. For drug trials, specifying the phase of the trial (I-IV) may also be relevant.Item 3b. Important changes to methods after trial commencement (such as eligibility criteria), with reasonsExample—“Patients were randomly assigned to one of six parallel groups, initially in 1:1:1:1:1:1 ratio, to receive either one of five otamixaban … regimens … or an active control of unfractionated heparin … an independent Data Monitoring Committee reviewed unblinded data for patient safety; no interim analyses for efficacy or futility were done. During the trial, this committee recommended that the group receiving the lowest dose of otamixaban (0·035 mg/kg/h) be discontinued because of clinical evidence of inadequate anticoagulation. The protocol was immediately amended in accordance with that recommendation, and participants were subsequently randomly assigned in 2:2:2:2:1 ratio to the remaining otamixaban and control groups, respectively.”86Explanation—A few trials may start without any fixed plan (that is, are entirely exploratory), but the most will have a protocol that specifies in great detail how the trial will be conducted. There may be deviations from the original protocol, as it is impossible to predict every possible change in circumstances during the course of a trial. Some trials will therefore have important changes to the methods after trial commencement.Changes could be due to external information becoming available from other studies, or internal financial difficulties, or could be due to a disappointing recruitment rate. Such protocol changes should be made without breaking the blinding on the accumulating data on participants’ outcomes. In some trials, an independent data monitoring committee will have as part of its remit the possibility of recommending protocol changes based on seeing unblinded data. Such changes might affect the study methods (such as changes to treatment regimens, eligibility criteria, randomisation ratio, or duration of follow-up) or trial conduct (such as dropping a centre with poor data quality).87Some trials are set up with a formal “adaptive” design. There is no universally accepted definition of these designs, but a working definition might be “a multistage study design that uses accumulating data to decide how to modify aspects of the study without undermining the validity and integrity of the trial.”88 The modifications are usually to the sample sizes and the number of treatment arms and can lead to decisions being made more quickly and with more efficient use of resources. There are, however, important ethical, statistical, and practical issues in considering such a design.89 90Whether the modifications are explicitly part of the trial design or in response to changing circumstances, it is essential that they are fully reported to help the reader interpret the results. Changes from protocols are not currently well reported. A review of comparisons with protocols showed that about half of journal articles describing RCTs had an unexplained discrepancy in the primary outcomes.57 Frequent unexplained discrepancies have also been observed for details of randomisation, blinding,91 and statistical analyses.92Item 4a. Eligibility criteria for participantsExample—“Eligible participants were all adults aged 18 or over with HIV who met the eligibility criteria for antiretroviral therapy according to the Malawian national HIV treatment guidelines (WHO clinical stage III or IV or any WHO stage with a CD4 count <250/mm3) and who were starting treatment with a BMI <18.5. Exclusion criteria were pregnancy and lactation or participation in another supplementary feeding programme.”93Explanation—A comprehensive description of the eligibility criteria used to select the trial participants is needed to help readers interpret the study. In particular, a clear understanding of these criteria is one of several elements required to judge to whom the results of a trial apply—that is, the trial’s generalisability (applicability) and relevance to clinical or public health practice (see item 21).94 A description of the method of recruitment, such as by referral or self selection (for example, through advertisements), is also important in this context. Because they are applied before randomisation, eligibility criteria do not affect the internal validity of a trial, but they are central to its external validity.Typical and widely accepted selection criteria relate to the nature and stage of the disease being studied, the exclusion of persons thought to be particularly vulnerable to harm from the study intervention, and to issues required to ensure that the study satisfies legal and ethical norms. Informed consent by study participants, for example, is typically required in intervention studies. The common distinction between inclusion and exclusion criteria is unnecessary; the same criterion can be phrased to include or exclude participants.95Despite their importance, eligibility criteria are often not reported adequately. For example, eight published trials leading to clinical alerts by the National Institutes of Health specified an average of 31 eligibility criteria in their protocols, but only 63% of the criteria were mentioned in the journal articles, and only 19% were mentioned in the clinical alerts.96 Similar deficiencies were found for HIV clinical trials.97 Among 364 reports of RCTs in surgery, 25% did not specify any eligibility criteria.98Item 4b. Settings and locations where the data were collectedExample—“The study took place at the antiretroviral therapy clinic of Queen Elizabeth Central Hospital in Blantyre, Malawi, from January 2006 to April 2007. Blantyre is the major commercial city of Malawi, with a population of 1 000 000 and an estimated HIV prevalence of 27% in adults in 2004.”93Explanation—Along with the eligibility criteria for participants (see item 4a) and the description of the interventions (see item 5), information on the settings and locations is crucial to judge the applicability and generalisability of a trial. Were participants recruited from primary, secondary, or tertiary health care or from the community? Healthcare institutions vary greatly in their organisation, experience, and resources and the baseline risk for the condition under investigation. Other aspects of the setting (including the social, economic, and cultural environment and the climate) may also affect a study’s external validity.Authors should report the number and type of settings and describe the care providers involved. They should report the locations in which the study was carried out, including the country, city if applicable, and immediate environment (for example, community, office practice, hospital clinic, or inpatient unit). In particular, it should be clear whether the trial was carried out in one or several centres (“multicentre trials”). This description should provide enough information so that readers can judge whether the results of the trial could be relevant to their own setting. The environment in which the trial is conducted may differ considerably from the setting in which the trial’s results are later used to guide practice and policy.94 99 Authors should also report any other information about the settings and locations that could have influenced the observed results, such as problems with transportation that might have affected patient participation or delays in administering interventions.Item 5. The interventions for each group with sufficient details to allow replication, including how and when they were actually administeredExamples—“In POISE, patients received the first dose of the study drug (ie, oral extended-release metoprolol 100 mg or matching placebo) 2-4 h before surgery. Study drug administration required a heart rate of 50 bpm or more and a systolic blood pressure of 100 mm Hg or greater; these haemodynamics were checked before each administration. If, at any time during the first 6 h after surgery, heart rate was 80 bpm or more and systolic blood pressure was 100 mm Hg or higher, patients received their first postoperative dose (extended-release metoprolol 100 mg or matched placebo) orally. If the study drug was not given during the first 6 h, patients received their first postoperative dose at 6 h after surgery. 12 h after the first postoperative dose, patients started taking oral extended-release metoprolol 200 mg or placebo every day for 30 days. If a patient’s heart rate was consistently below 45 bpm or their systolic blood pressure dropped below 100 mm Hg, study drug was withheld until their heart rate or systolic blood pressure recovered; the study drug was then restarted at 100 mg once daily. Patients whose heart rate was consistently 45-49 bpm and systolic blood pressure exceeded 100 mm Hg delayed taking the study drug for 12 h.”100“Patients were randomly assigned to receive a custom-made neoprene splint to be worn at night or to usual care. The splint was a rigid rest orthosis recommended for use only at night. It covered the base of the thumb and the thenar eminence but not the wrist (Figure 1). Splints were made by 3 trained occupational therapists, who adjusted the splint for each patient so that the first web could be opened and the thumb placed in opposition with the first long finger. Patients were encouraged to contact the occupational therapist if they felt that the splint needed adjustment, pain increased while wearing the splint, or they had adverse effects (such as skin erosion). Because no treatment can be considered the gold standard in this situation, patients in the control and intervention groups received usual care at the discretion of their physician (general practitioner or rheumatologist). We decided not to use a placebo because, to our knowledge, no placebo for splinting has achieved successful blinding of patients, as recommended.”101Explanation—Authors should describe each intervention thoroughly, including control interventions. The description should allow a clinician wanting to use the intervention to know exactly how to administer the intervention that was evaluated in the trial.102 For a drug intervention, information would include the drug name, dose, method of administration (such as oral, intravenous), timing and duration of administration, conditions under which interventions are withheld, and titration regimen if applicable. If the control group is to receive “usual care” it is important to describe thoroughly what that constitutes. If the control group or intervention group is to receive a combination of interventions the authors should provide a thorough description of each intervention, an explanation of the order in which the combination of interventions are introduced or withdrawn, and the triggers for their introduction if applicable.Specific extensions of the CONSORT statement address the reporting of non-pharmacologic and herbal interventions and their particular reporting requirements (such as expertise, details of how the interventions were standardised).43 44 We recommend readers consult the statements for non-pharmacologic and herbal interventions as appropriate.Item 6a. Completely defined pre-specified primary and secondary outcome measures, including how and when they were assessedExample—“The primary endpoint with respect to efficacy in psoriasis was the proportion of patients achieving a 75% improvement in psoriasis activity from baseline to 12 weeks as measured by the PASI [psoriasis area and severity index] Additional analyses were done on the percentage change in PASI scores and improvement in target psoriasis lesions.”103Explanation—All RCTs assess response variables, or outcomes (end points), for which the groups are compared. Most trials have several outcomes, some of which are of more interest than others. The primary outcome measure is the pre-specified outcome considered to be of greatest importance to relevant stakeholders (such a patients, policy makers, clinicians, funders) and is usually the one used in the sample size calculation (see item 7). Some trials may have more than one primary outcome. Having several primary outcomes, however, incurs the problems of interpretation associated with multiplicity of analyses (see items 18 and 20) and is not recommended. Primary outcomes should be explicitly indicated as such in the report of an RCT. Other outcomes of interest are secondary outcomes (additional outcomes). There may be several secondary outcomes, which often include unanticipated or unintended effects of the intervention (see item 19), although harms should always be viewed as important whether they are labelled primary or secondary.All outcome measures, whether primary or secondary, should be identified and completely defined. The principle here is that the information provided should be sufficient to allow others to use the same outcomes.102 When outcomes are assessed at several time points after randomisation, authors should also indicate the pre-specified time point of primary interest. For many non-pharmacological interventions it is helpful to specify who assessed outcomes (for example, if special skills are required to do so) and how many assessors there were.43Where available and appropriate, the use of previously developed and validated scales or consensus guidelines should be reported,104 105 both to enhance quality of measurement and to assist in comparison with similar studies.106 For example, assessment of quality of life is likely to be improved by using a validated instrument.107 Authors should indicate the provenance and properties of scales.More than 70 outcomes were used in 196 RCTs of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for rheumatoid arthritis,108 and 640 different instruments had been used in 2000 trials in schizophrenia, of which 369 had been used only once.33 Investigation of 149 of those 2000 trials showed that unpublished scales were a source of bias. In non-pharmacological trials, a third of the claims of treatment superiority based on unpublished scales would not have been made if a published scale had been used.109 Similar data have been reported elsewhere.110 111 Only 45% of a cohort of 519 RCTs published in 2000 specified the primary outcome16; this compares with 53% for a similar cohort of 614 RCTs published in 2006.17Item 6b. Any changes to trial outcomes after the trial commenced, with reasonsExample—“The original primary endpoint was all-cause mortality, but, during a masked analysis, the data and safety monitoring board noted that overall mortality was lower than had been predicted and that the study could not be completed with the sample size and power originally planned. The steering committee therefore decided to adopt co-primary endpoints of all-cause mortality (the original primary endpoint), together with all-cause mortality or cardiovascular hospital admissions (the first prespecified secondary endpoint).”112Explanation—There are many reasons for departures from the initial study protocol (see item 24). Authors should report all major changes to the protocol, including unplanned changes to eligibility criteria, interventions, examinations, data collection, methods of analysis, and outcomes. Such information is not always reported.As indicated earlier (see item 6a), most trials record multiple outcomes, with the risk that results will be reported for only a selected subset (see item 17). Pre-specification and reporting of primary and secondary outcomes (see item 6a) should remove such a risk. In some trials, however, circumstances require a change in the way an outcome is assessed or even, as in the example above, a switch to a different outcome. For example, there may be external evidence from other trials or systematic reviews suggesting the end point might not be appropriate, or recruitment or the overall event rate in the trial may be lower than expected.112 Changing an end point based on unblinded data is much more problematic, although it may be specified in the context of an adaptive trial design.88 Authors should identify and explain any such changes. Likewise, any changes after the trial began of the designation of outcomes as primary or secondary should be reported and explained.A comparison of protocols and publications of 102 randomised trials found that 62% of trials reports had at least one primary outcome that was changed, introduced, or omitted compared with the protocol.55 Primary outcomes also differed between protocols and publications for 40% of a cohort of 48 trials funded by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research.113 Not one of the subsequent 150 trial reports mentioned, let alone explained, changes from the protocol. Similar results from other studies have been reported recently in a systematic review of empirical studies examining outcome reporting bias.57Item 7a. How sample size was determinedExamples—“To detect a reduction in PHS (postoperative hospital stay) of 3 days (SD 5 days), which is in agreement with the study of Lobo et al17 with a two-sided 5% significance level and a power of 80%, a sample size of 50 patients per group was necessary, given an anticipated dropout rate of 10%. To recruit this number of patients a 12-month inclusion period was anticipated.”114“Based on an expected incidence of the primary composite endpoint of 11% at 2.25 years in the placebo group, we calculated that we would need 950 primary endpoint events and a sample size of 9650 patients to give 90% power to detect a significant difference between ivabradine and placebo, corresponding to a 19% reduction of relative risk (with a two-sided type 1 error of 5%). We initially designed an event-driven trial, and planned to stop when 950 primary endpoint events had occurred. However, the incidence of the primary endpoint was higher than predicted, perhaps because of baseline characteristics of the recruited patients, who had higher risk than expected (e.g., lower proportion of NYHA class I and higher rates of diabetes and hypertension). We calculated that when 950 primary endpoint events had occurred, the most recently included patients would only have been treated for about 3 months. Therefore, in January 2007, the executive committee decided to change the study from being event-driven to time-driven, and to continue the study until the patients who were randomised last had been followed up for 12 months. This change did not alter the planned study duration of 3 years.”115Explanation—For scientific and ethical reasons, the sample size for a trial needs to be planned carefully, with a balance between medical and statistical considerations. Ideally, a study should be large enough to have a high probability (power) of detecting as statistically significant a clinically important difference of a given size if such a difference exists. The size of effect deemed important is inversely related to the sample size necessary to detect it; that is, large samples are necessary to detect small differences. Elements of the sample size calculation are (1) the estimated outcomes in each group (which implies the clinically important target difference between the intervention groups); (2) the α (type I) error level; (3) the statistical power (or the β (type II) error level); and (4), for continuous outcomes, the standard deviation of the measurements.116 The interplay of these elements and their reporting will differ for cluster trials40 and non-inferiority and equivalence trials.39Authors should indicate how the sample size was determined. If a formal power calculation was used, the authors should identify the primary outcome on which the calculation was based (see item 6a), all the quantities used in the calculation, and the resulting target sample size per study group. It is preferable to quote the expected result in the control group and the difference between the groups one would not like to overlook. Alternatively, authors could present the percentage with the event or mean for each group used in their calculations. Details should be given of any allowance made for attrition or non-compliance during the study.Some methodologists have written that so called underpowered trials may be acceptable because they could ultimately be combined in a systematic review and meta-analysis,117 118 119 and because some information is better than no information. Of note, important caveats apply—such as the trial should be unbiased, reported properly, and published irrespective of the results, thereby becoming available for meta-analysis.118 On the other hand, many medical researchers worry that underpowered trials with indeterminate results will remain unpublished and insist that all trials should individually have “sufficient power.” This debate will continue, and members of the CONSORT Group have varying views. Critically however, the debate and those views are immaterial to reporting a trial. Whatever the power of a trial, authors need to properly report their intended size with all their methods and assumptions.118 That transparently reveals the power of the trial to readers and gives them a measure by which to assess whether the trial attained its planned size.In some trials, interim analyses are used to help decide whether to stop early or to continue recruiting sometimes beyond the planned trial end (see item 7b). If the actual sample size differed from the originally intended sample size for some other reason (for example, because of poor recruitment or revision of the target sample size), the explanation should be given.Reports of studies with small samples frequently include the erroneous conclusion that the intervention groups do not differ, when in fact too few patients were studied to make such a claim.120 Reviews of published trials have consistently found that a high proportion of trials have low power to detect clinically meaningful treatment effects.121 122 123 In reality, small but clinically meaningful true differences are much more likely than large differences to exist, but large trials are required to detect them.124In general, the reported sample sizes in trials seem small. The median sample size was 54 patients in 196 trials in arthritis,108 46 patients in 73 trials in dermatology,8 and 65 patients in 2000 trials in schizophrenia.33 These small sample sizes are consistent with those of a study of 519 trials indexed in PubMed in December 200016 and a similar cohort of trials (n=616) indexed in PubMed in 2006,17 where the median number of patients recruited for parallel group trials was 80 across both years. Moreover, many reviews have found that few authors report how they determined the sample size.8 14 32 33 123There is little merit in a post hoc calculation of statistical power using the results of a trial; the power is then appropriately indicated by confidence intervals (see item 17).125Item 7b. When applicable, explanation of any interim analyses and stopping guidelinesExamples—“Two interim analyses were performed during the trial. The levels of significance maintained an overall P value of 0.05 and were calculated according to the O’Brien-Fleming stopping boundaries. This final analysis used a Z score of 1.985 with an associated P value of 0.0471.”126“An independent data and safety monitoring board periodically reviewed the efficacy and safety data. Stopping rules were based on modified Haybittle-Peto boundaries of 4 SD in the first half of the study and 3 SD in the second half for efficacy data, and 3 SD in the first half of the study and 2 SD in the second half for safety data. Two formal interim analyses of efficacy were performed when 50% and 75% of the expected number of primary events had accrued; no correction of the reported P value for these interim tests was performed.”127Explanation—Many trials recruit participants over a long period. If an intervention is working particularly well or badly, the study may need to be ended early for ethical reasons. This concern can be addressed by examining results as the data accumulate, preferably by an independent data monitoring committee. However, performing multiple statistical examinations of accumulating data without appropriate correction can lead to erroneous results and interpretations.128 If the accumulating data from a trial are examined at five interim analyses that use a P value of 0.05, the overall false positive rate is nearer to 19% than to the nominal 5%.Several group sequential statistical methods are available to adjust for multiple analyses,129 130 131 and their use should be pre-specified in the trial protocol. With these methods, data are compared at each interim analysis, and a P value less than the critical value specified by the group sequential method indicates statistical significance. Some trialists use group sequential methods as an aid to decision making,132 whereas others treat them as a formal stopping rule (with the intention that the trial will cease if the observed P value is smaller than the critical value).Authors should report whether they or a data monitoring committee took multiple “looks” at the data and, if so, how many there were, what triggered them, the statistical methods used (including any formal stopping rule), and whether they were planned before the start of the trial, before the data monitoring committee saw any interim data by allocation, or some time thereafter. This information is often not included in published trial reports,133 even in trials that report stopping earlier than planned.134Item 8a. Method used to generate the random allocation sequenceExamples—“Independent pharmacists dispensed either active or placebo inhalers according to a computer generated randomisation list.”63“For allocation of the participants, a computer-generated list of random numbers was used.”135Explanation—Participants should be assigned to comparison groups in the trial on the basis of a chance (random) process characterised by unpredictability (see box 1). Authors should provide sufficient information that the reader can assess the methods used to generate the random allocation sequence and the likelihood of bias in group assignment. It is important that information on the process of randomisation is included in the body of the main article and not as a separate supplementary file; where it can be missed by the reader.The term “random” has a precise technical meaning. With random allocation, each participant has a known probability of receiving each intervention before one is assigned, but the assigned intervention is determined by a chance process and cannot be predicted. However, “random” is often used inappropriately in the literature to describe trials in which non-random, deterministic allocation methods were used, such as alternation, hospital numbers, or date of birth. When investigators use such non-random methods, they should describe them precisely and should not use the term “random” or any variation of it. Even the term “quasi-random” is unacceptable for describing such trials. Trials based on non-random methods generally yield biased results.2 3 4 136 Bias presumably arises from the inability to conceal these allocation systems adequately (see item 9).Many methods of sequence generation are adequate. However, readers cannot judge adequacy from such terms as “random allocation,” “randomisation,” or “random” without further elaboration. Authors should specify the method of sequence generation, such as a random-number table or a computerised random number generator. The sequence may be generated by the process of minimisation, a non-random but generally acceptable method (see box 2).Box 2: Randomisation and minimisationSimple randomisation—Pure randomisation based on a single allocation ratio is known as simple randomisation. Simple randomisation with a 1:1 allocation ratio is analogous to a coin toss, although we do not advocate coin tossing for randomisation in an RCT. “Simple” is somewhat of a misnomer. While other randomisation schemes sound complex and more sophisticated, in reality, simple randomisation is elegantly sophisticated in that it is more unpredictable and surpasses the bias prevention levels of all other alternatives.Restricted randomisation—Any randomised approach that is not simple randomisation. Blocked randomisation is the most common form. Other means of restricted randomisation include replacement, biased coin, and urn randomisation, although these are used much less frequently.141Blocked randomisation—Blocking is used to ensure that comparison groups will be generated according to a predetermined ratio, usually 1:1 or groups of approximately the same size. Blocking can be used to ensure close balance of the numbers in each group at any time during the trial. For every block of eight participants, for example, four would be allocated to each arm of the trial.142 Improved balance comes at the cost of reducing the unpredictability of the sequence. Although the order of interventions varies randomly within each block, a person running the trial could deduce some of the next treatment allocations if he or she knew the block size.143 Blinding the interventions, using larger block sizes, and randomly varying the block size can ameliorate this problem.Stratified randomisation—Stratification is used to ensure good balance of participant characteristics in each group. By chance, particularly in small trials, study groups may not be well matched for baseline characteristics, such as age and stage of disease. This weakens the trial’s credibility.144 Such imbalances can be avoided without sacrificing the advantages of randomisation. Stratification ensures that the numbers of participants receiving each intervention are closely balanced within each stratum. Stratified randomisation is achieved by performing a separate randomisation procedure within each of two or more subsets of participants (for example, those defining each study centre, age, or disease severity). Stratification by centre is common in multicentre trials. Stratification requires some form of restriction (such as blocking within strata). Stratification without blocking is ineffective.Minimisation—Minimisation ensures balance between intervention groups for several selected patient factors (such as age).22 60 The first patient is truly randomly allocated; for each subsequent participant, the treatment allocation that minimises the imbalance on the selected factors between groups at that time is identified. That allocation may then be used, or a choice may be made at random with a heavy weighting in favour of the intervention that would minimise imbalance (for example, with a probability of 0.8). The use of a random component is generally preferable. Minimisation has the advantage of making small groups closely similar in terms of participant characteristics at all stages of the trial.  Minimisation offers the only acceptable alternative to randomisation, and some have argued that it is superior.145 On the other hand, minimisation lacks the theoretical basis for eliminating bias on all known and unknown factors. Nevertheless, in general, trials that use minimisation are considered methodologically equivalent to randomised trials, even when a random element is not incorporated.In some trials, participants are intentionally allocated in unequal numbers to each intervention: for example, to gain more experience with a new procedure or to limit costs of the trial. In such cases, authors should report the randomisation ratio (for example, 2:1 or two treatment participants per each control participant) (see item 3a).In a representative sample of PubMed indexed trials in 2000, only 21% reported an adequate approach to random sequence generation16; this increased to 34% for a similar cohort of PubMed indexed trials in 2006.17 In more than 90% of these cases, researchers used a random number generator on a computer or a random number table.Item 8b. Type of randomisation; details of any restriction (such as blocking and block size)Examples—“Randomization sequence was created using Stata 9.0 (StataCorp, College Station, TX) statistical software and was stratified by center with a 1:1 allocation using random block sizes of 2, 4, and 6.”137“Participants were randomly assigned following simple randomization procedures (computerized random numbers) to 1 of 2 treatment groups.”138Explanation—In trials of several hundred participants or more simple randomisation can usually be trusted to generate similar numbers in the two trial groups139 and to generate groups that are roughly comparable in terms of known and unknown prognostic variables.140 For smaller trials (see item 7a)—and even for trials that are not intended to be small, as they may stop before reaching their target size—some restricted randomisation (procedures to help achieve balance between groups in size or characteristics) may be useful (see box 2).It is important to indicate whether no restriction was used, by stating such or by stating that “simple randomisation” was done. Otherwise, the methods used to restrict the randomisation, along with the method used for random selection, should be specified. For block randomisation, authors should provide details on how the blocks were generated (for example, by using a permuted block design with a computer random number generator), the block size or sizes, and whether the block size was fixed or randomly varied. If the trialists became aware of the block size(s), that information should also be reported as such knowledge could lead to code breaking. Authors should specify whether stratification was used, and if so, which factors were involved (such as recruitment site, sex, disease stage), the categorisation cut-off values within strata, and the method used for restriction. Although stratification is a useful technique, especially for smaller trials, it is complicated to implement and may be impossible if many stratifying factors are used. If minimisation (see box 2) was used, it should be explicitly identified, as should the variables incorporated into the scheme. If used, a random element should be indicated.Only 9% of 206 reports of trials in specialty journals23 and 39% of 80 trials in general medical journals reported use of stratification.32 In each case, only about half of the reports mentioned the use of restricted randomisation. However, these studies and that of Adetugbo and Williams8 found that the sizes of the treatment groups in many trials were the same or quite similar, yet blocking or stratification had not been mentioned. One possible explanation for the close balance in numbers is underreporting of the use of restricted randomisation.Item 9. Mechanism used to implement the random allocation sequence (such as sequentially numbered containers), describing any steps taken to conceal the sequence until interventions were assignedExamples—“The doxycycline and placebo were in capsule form and identical in appearance. They were prepacked in bottles and consecutively numbered for each woman according to the randomisation schedule. Each woman was assigned an order number and received the capsules in the corresponding prepacked bottle.”146“The allocation sequence was concealed from the researcher (JR) enrolling and assessing participants in sequentially numbered, opaque, sealed and stapled envelopes. Aluminium foil inside the envelope was used to render the envelope impermeable to intense light. To prevent subversion of the allocation sequence, the name and date of birth of the participant was written on the envelope and a video tape made of the sealed envelope with participant details visible. Carbon paper inside the envelope transferred the information onto the allocation card inside the envelope and a second researcher (CC) later viewed video tapes to ensure envelopes were still sealed when participants’ names were written on them. Corresponding envelopes were opened only after the enrolled participants completed all baseline assessments and it was time to allocate the intervention.”147Explanation—Item 8a discussed generation of an unpredictable sequence of assignments. Of considerable importance is how this sequence is applied when participants are enrolled into the trial (see box 1). A generated allocation schedule should be implemented by using allocation concealment,23 a critical mechanism that prevents foreknowledge of treatment assignment and thus shields those who enroll participants from being influenced by this knowledge. The decision to accept or reject a participant should be made, and informed consent should be obtained from the participant, in ignorance of the next assignment in the sequence.148The allocation concealment should not be confused with blinding (see item 11). Allocation concealment seeks to prevent selection bias, protects the assignment sequence until allocation, and can always be successfully implemented.2 In contrast, blinding seeks to prevent performance and ascertainment bias, protects the sequence after allocation, and cannot always be implemented.23 Without adequate allocation concealment, however, even random, unpredictable assignment sequences can be subverted.2 149Centralised or “third-party” assignment is especially desirable. Many good allocation concealment mechanisms incorporate external involvement. Use of a pharmacy or central telephone randomisation system are two common techniques. Automated assignment systems are likely to become more common.150 When external involvement is not feasible, an excellent method of allocation concealment is the use of numbered containers. The interventions (often drugs) are sealed in sequentially numbered identical containers according to the allocation sequence.151 Enclosing assignments in sequentially numbered, opaque, sealed envelopes can be a good allocation concealment mechanism if it is developed and monitored diligently. This method can be corrupted, however, particularly if it is poorly executed. Investigators should ensure that the envelopes are opaque when held to the light, and opened sequentially and only after the participant’s name and other details are written on the appropriate envelope.143A number of methodological studies provide empirical evidence to support these precautions.152 153 Trials in which the allocation sequence had been inadequately or unclearly concealed yielded larger estimates of treatment effects than did trials in which authors reported adequate allocation concealment. These findings provide strong empirical evidence that inadequate allocation concealment contributes to bias in estimating treatment effects.Despite the importance of the mechanism of allocation concealment, published reports often omit such details. The mechanism used to allocate interventions was omitted in reports of 89% of trials in rheumatoid arthritis,108 48% of trials in obstetrics and gynaecology journals,23 and 44% of trials in general medical journals.32 In a more broadly representative sample of all randomised trials indexed on PubMed, only 18% reported any allocation concealment mechanism, but some of those reported mechanisms were inadequate.16Item 10. Who generated the allocation sequence, who enrolled participants, and who assigned participants to interventionsExamples—“Determination of whether a patient would be treated by streptomycin and bed-rest (S case) or by bed-rest alone (C case) was made by reference to a statistical series based on random sampling numbers drawn up for each sex at each centre by Professor Bradford Hill; the details of the series were unknown to any of the investigators or to the co-ordinator … After acceptance of a patient by the panel, and before admission to the streptomycin centre, the appropriate numbered envelope was opened at the central office; the card inside told if the patient was to be an S or a C case, and this information was then given to the medical officer of the centre.”24“Details of the allocated group were given on coloured cards contained in sequentially numbered, opaque, sealed envelopes. These were prepared at the NPEU and kept in an agreed location on each ward. Randomisation took place at the end of the 2nd stage of labour when the midwife considered a vaginal birth was imminent. To enter a women into the study, the midwife opened the next consecutively numbered envelope.”154“Block randomisation was by a computer generated random number list prepared by an investigator with no clinical involvement in the trial. We stratified by admission for an oncology related procedure. After the research nurse had obtained the patient’s consent, she telephoned a contact who was independent of the recruitment process for allocation consignment.”155Explanation—As noted in item 9, concealment of the allocated intervention at the time of enrolment is especially important. Thus, in addition to knowing the methods used, it is also important to understand how the random sequence was implemented—specifically, who generated the allocation sequence, who enrolled participants, and who assigned participants to trial groups.The process of randomising participants into a trial has three different steps: sequence generation, allocation concealment, and implementation (see box 3). Although the same people may carry out more than one process under each heading, investigators should strive for complete separation of the people involved with generation and allocation concealment from the people involved in the implementation of assignments. Thus, if someone is involved in the sequence generation or allocation concealment steps, ideally they should not be involved in the implementation step.Box 3: Steps in a typical randomisation process Sequence generationGenerate allocation sequence by some random procedureAllocation concealmentDevelop allocation concealment mechanism (such as numbered, identical bottles or sequentially numbered, sealed, opaque envelopes)Prepare the allocation concealment mechanism using the allocation sequence from the sequence generation stepImplementationEnrol participants:Assess eligibilityDiscuss the trialObtain informed consentEnrol participant in trialAscertain intervention assignment (such as opening next envelope)Administer interventionEven with flawless sequence generation and allocation concealment, failure to separate creation and concealment of the allocation sequence from assignment to study group may introduce bias. For example, the person who generated an allocation sequence could retain a copy and consult it when interviewing potential participants for a trial. Thus, that person could bias the enrolment or assignment process, regardless of the unpredictability of the assignment sequence. Investigators must then ensure that the assignment schedule is unpredictable and locked away (such as in a safe deposit box in a building rather inaccessible to the enrolment location) from even the person who generated it. The report of the trial should specify where the investigators stored the allocation list.Item 11a. If done, who was blinded after assignment to interventions (for example, participants, care providers, those assessing outcomes) and howExamples—“Whereas patients and physicians allocated to the intervention group were aware of the allocated arm, outcome assessors and data analysts were kept blinded to the allocation.”156“Blinding and equipoise were strictly maintained by emphasising to intervention staff and participants that each diet adheres to healthy principles, and each is advocated by certain experts to be superior for long-term weight-loss. Except for the interventionists (dieticians and behavioural psychologists), investigators and staff were kept blind to diet assignment of the participants. The trial adhered to established procedures to maintain separation between staff that take outcome measurements and staff that deliver the intervention. Staff members who obtained outcome measurements were not informed of the diet group assignment. Intervention staff, dieticians and behavioural psychologists who delivered the intervention did not take outcome measurements. All investigators, staff, and participants were kept masked to outcome measurements and trial results.”157Explanation—The term “blinding” or “masking” refers to withholding information about the assigned interventions from people involved in the trial who may potentially be influenced by this knowledge. Blinding is an important safeguard against bias, particularly when assessing subjective outcomes.153Benjamin Franklin has been credited as being the first to use blinding in a scientific experiment.158 He blindfolded participants so they would not know when he was applying mesmerism (a popular “healing fluid” of the 18th century) and in so doing showed that mesmerism was a sham. Based on this experiment, the scientific community recognised the power of blinding to reduce bias, and it has remained a commonly used strategy in scientific experiments.Box 4, on blinding terminology, defines the groups of individuals (that is, participants, healthcare providers, data collectors, outcome adjudicators, and data analysts) who can potentially introduce bias into a trial through knowledge of the treatment assignments. Participants may respond differently if they are aware of their treatment assignment (such as responding more favourably when they receive the new treatment).153 Lack of blinding may also influence compliance with the intervention, use of co-interventions, and risk of dropping out of the trial.Unblinded healthcare providers may introduce similar biases, and unblinded data collectors may differentially assess outcomes (such as frequency or timing), repeat measurements of abnormal findings, or provide encouragement during performance testing. Unblinded outcome adjudicators may differentially assess subjective outcomes, and unblinded data analysts may introduce bias through the choice of analytical strategies, such as the selection of favourable time points or outcomes, and by decisions to remove patients from the analyses. These biases have been well documented.71 153 159 160 161 162Blinding, unlike allocation concealment (see item 10), may not always be appropriate or possible. An example is a trial comparing levels of pain associated with sampling blood from the ear or thumb.163 Blinding is particularly important when outcome measures involve some subjectivity, such as assessment of pain. Blinding of data collectors and outcome adjudicators is unlikely to matter for objective outcomes, such as death from any cause. Even then, however, lack of participant or healthcare provider blinding can lead to other problems, such as differential attrition.164 In certain trials, especially surgical trials, blinding of participants and surgeons is often difficult or impossible, but blinding of data collectors and outcome adjudicators is often achievable. For example, lesions can be photographed before and after treatment and assessed by an external observer.165 Regardless of whether blinding is possible, authors can and should always state who was blinded (that is, participants, healthcare providers, data collectors, and outcome adjudicators).Unfortunately, authors often do not report whether blinding was used.166 For example, reports of 51% of 506 trials in cystic fibrosis,167 33% of 196 trials in rheumatoid arthritis,108 and 38% of 68 trials in dermatology8 did not state whether blinding was used. Until authors of trials improve their reporting of blinding, readers will have difficulty in judging the validity of the trials that they may wish to use to guide their clinical practice.The term masking is sometimes used in preference to blinding to avoid confusion with the medical condition of being without sight. However, “blinding” in its methodological sense seems to be understood worldwide and is acceptable for reporting clinical trials.165 168Box 4: Blinding terminologyIn order for a technical term to have utility it must have consistency in its use and interpretation. Authors of trials commonly use the term “double blind” and, less commonly, the terms “single blind”or “triple blind.” A problem with this lexicon is that there is great variability in clinician interpretations and epidemiological textbook definitions of these terms.169 Moreover, a study of 200 RCTs reported as double blind found 18 different combinations of groups actually blinded when the authors of these trials were surveyed, and about one in every five of these trials—reported as double blind—did not blind participants, healthcare providers, or data collectors.170This research shows that terms are ambiguous and, as such, authors and editors should abandon their use. Authors should instead explicitly report the blinding status of the people involved for whom blinding may influence the validity of a trial.Healthcare providers include all personnel (for example, physicians, chiropractors, physiotherapists, nurses) who care for the participants during the trial. Data collectors are the individuals who collect data on the trial outcomes. Outcome adjudicators are the individuals who determine whether a participant did experience the outcomes of interest.Some researchers have also advocated blinding and reporting the blinding status of the data monitoring committee and the manuscript writers.160 Blinding of these groups is uncommon, and the value of blinding them is debated.171Sometimes one group of individuals (such as the healthcare providers) are the same individuals fulfilling another role in a trial (such as data collectors). Even if this is the case, the authors should explicitly state the blinding status of these groups to allow readers to judge the validity of the trial.Item 11b. If relevant, description of the similarity of interventionsExample—“Jamieson Laboratories Inc provided 500-mg immediate release niacin in a white, oblong, bisect caplet. We independently confirmed caplet content using high performance liquid chromatography … The placebo was matched to the study drug for taste, color, and size, and contained microcrystalline cellulose, silicon dioxide, dicalcium phosphate, magnesium stearate, and stearic acid.”172Explanation—Just as we seek evidence of concealment to assure us that assignment was truly random, we seek evidence of the method of blinding. In trials with blinding of participants or healthcare providers, authors should state the similarity of the characteristics of the interventions (such as appearance, taste, smell, and method of administration).35 173Some people have advocated testing for blinding by asking participants or healthcare providers at the end of a trial whether they think the participant received the experimental or control intervention.174 Because participants and healthcare providers will usually know whether the participant has experienced the primary outcome, this makes it difficult to determine if their responses reflect failure of blinding or accurate assumptions about the efficacy of the intervention.175 Given the uncertainty this type of information provides, we have removed advocating reporting this type of testing for blinding from the CONSORT 2010 Statement. We do, however, advocate that the authors report any known compromises in blinding. For example, authors should report if it was necessary to unblind any participants at any point during the conduct of a trial.Item 12a. Statistical methods used to compare groups for primary and secondary outcomesExample—“The primary endpoint was change in bodyweight during the 20 weeks of the study in the intention-to-treat population … Secondary efficacy endpoints included change in waist circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, prevalence of metabolic syndrome … We used an analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) for the primary endpoint and for secondary endpoints waist circumference, blood pressure, and patient-reported outcome scores; this was supplemented by a repeated measures analysis. The ANCOVA model included treatment, country, and sex as fixed effects, and bodyweight at randomisation as covariate. We aimed to assess whether data provided evidence of superiority of each liraglutide dose to placebo (primary objective) and to orlistat (secondary objective).”176Explanation—Data can be analysed in many ways, some of which may not be strictly appropriate in a particular situation. It is essential to specify which statistical procedure was used for each analysis, and further clarification may be necessary in the results section of the report. The principle to follow is to, “Describe statistical methods with enough detail to enable a knowledgeable reader with access to the original data to verify the reported results” (www.icmje.org). It is also important to describe details of the statistical analysis such as intention-to-treat analysis (see box 6).Almost all methods of analysis yield an estimate of the treatment effect, which is a contrast between the outcomes in the comparison groups. Authors should accompany this by a confidence interval for the estimated effect, which indicates a central range of uncertainty for the true treatment effect. The confidence interval may be interpreted as the range of values for the treatment effect that is compatible with the observed data. It is customary to present a 95% confidence interval, which gives the range expected to include the true value in 95 of 100 similar studies.Study findings can also be assessed in terms of their statistical significance. The P value represents the probability that the observed data (or a more extreme result) could have arisen by chance when the interventions did not truly differ. Actual P values (for example, P=0.003) are strongly preferable to imprecise threshold reports such as P<0.05.48 177Standard methods of analysis assume that the data are “independent.” For controlled trials, this usually means that there is one observation per participant. Treating multiple observations from one participant as independent data is a serious error; such data are produced when outcomes can be measured on different parts of the body, as in dentistry or rheumatology. Data analysis should be based on counting each participant once178 179 or should be done by using more complex statistical procedures.180 Incorrect analysis of multiple observations per individual was seen in 123 (63%) of 196 trials in rheumatoid arthritis.108Item 12b. Methods for additional analyses, such as subgroup analyses and adjusted analysesExamples—“Proportions of patients responding were compared between treatment groups with the Mantel-Haenszel χ2 test, adjusted for the stratification variable, methotrexate use.”103“Pre-specified subgroup analyses according to antioxidant treatment assignment(s), presence or absence of prior CVD, dietary folic acid intake, smoking, diabetes, aspirin, hormone therapy, and multivitamin use were performed using stratified Cox proportional hazards models. These analyses used baseline exposure assessments and were restricted to participants with nonmissing subgroup data at baseline.”181Explanation—As is the case for primary analyses, the method of subgroup analysis should be clearly specified. The strongest analyses are those that look for evidence of a difference in treatment effect in complementary subgroups (for example, older and younger participants), a comparison known as a test of interaction.182 183 A common but misleading approach is to compare P values for separate analyses of the treatment effect in each group. It is incorrect to infer a subgroup effect (interaction) from one significant and one non-significant P value.184 Such inferences have a high false positive rate.Because of the high risk for spurious findings, subgroup analyses are often discouraged.14 185 Post hoc subgroup comparisons (analyses done after looking at the data) are especially likely not to be confirmed by further studies. Such analyses do not have great credibility.In some studies, imbalances in participant characteristics are adjusted for by using some form of multiple regression analysis. Although the need for adjustment is much less in RCTs than in epidemiological studies, an adjusted analysis may be sensible, especially if one or more variables is thought to be prognostic.186 Ideally, adjusted analyses should be specified in the study protocol (see item 24). For example, adjustment is often recommended for any stratification variables (see item 8b) on the principle that the analysis strategy should follow the design. In RCTs, the decision to adjust should not be determined by whether baseline differences are statistically significant (see item 16).183 187 The rationale for any adjusted analyses and the statistical methods used should be specified.Authors should clarify the choice of variables that were adjusted for, indicate how continuous variables were handled, and specify whether the analysis was planned or suggested by the data.188 Reviews of published studies show that reporting of adjusted analyses is inadequate with regard to all of these aspects.188 189 190 191ResultsItem 13. Participant flow (a diagram is strongly recommended) Item 13a. For each group, the numbers of participants who were randomly assigned, received intended treatment, and were analysed for the primary outcomeExamples—See figs 2⇓ and 3⇓.Fig 2 Flow diagram of a multicentre trial of fractional flow reserve versus angiography for guiding percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) (adapted from Tonino et al313). The diagram includes detailed information on the excluded participants.Download figure
Open in new tab
Download powerpoint
Fig 3 Flow diagram of minimal surgery compared with medical management for chronic gastro-oesophageal reflux disease (adapted from Grant et al196). The diagram shows a multicentre trial with a parallel non-randomised preference group. Download figure
Open in new tab
Download powerpoint
Explanation—The design and conduct of some RCTs is straightforward, and the flow of participants, particularly were there are no losses to follow-up or exclusions, through each phase of the study can be described adequately in a few sentences. In more complex studies, it may be difficult for readers to discern whether and why some participants did not receive the treatment as allocated, were lost to follow-up, or were excluded from the analysis.51 This information is crucial for several reasons. Participants who were excluded after allocation are unlikely to be representative of all participants in the study. For example, patients may not be available for follow-up evaluation because they experienced an acute exacerbation of their illness or harms of treatment.22 192Attrition as a result of loss to follow up, which is often unavoidable, needs to be distinguished from investigator-determined exclusion for such reasons as ineligibility, withdrawal from treatment, and poor adherence to the trial protocol. Erroneous conclusions can be reached if participants are excluded from analysis, and imbalances in such omissions between groups may be especially indicative of bias.192 193 194 Information about whether the investigators included in the analysis all participants who underwent randomisation, in the groups to which they were originally allocated (intention-to-treat analysis (see item 16 and box 6)), is therefore of particular importance. Knowing the number of participants who did not receive the intervention as allocated or did not complete treatment permits the reader to assess to what extent the estimated efficacy of therapy might be underestimated in comparison with ideal circumstances.If available, the number of people assessed for eligibility should also be reported. Although this number is relevant to external validity only and is arguably less important than the other counts,195 it is a useful indicator of whether trial participants were likely to be representative of all eligible participants.A review of RCTs published in five leading general and internal medicine journals in 1998 found that reporting of the flow of participants was often incomplete, particularly with regard to the number of participants receiving the allocated intervention and the number lost to follow-up.51 Even information as basic as the number of participants who underwent randomisation and the number excluded from analyses was not available in up to 20% of articles.51 Reporting was considerably more thorough in articles that included a diagram of the flow of participants through a trial, as recommended by CONSORT. This study informed the design of the revised flow diagram in the revised CONSORT statement.52 53 54 The suggested template is shown in fig 1⇑, and the counts required are described in detail in table 3⇓.Table 3  Information required to document the flow of participants through each stage of a randomised trial View this table:View popupView inlineSome information, such as the number of individuals assessed for eligibility, may not always be known,14 and, depending on the nature of a trial, some counts may be more relevant than others. It will sometimes be useful or necessary to adapt the structure of the flow diagram to a particular trial. In some situations, other information may usefully be added. For example, the flow diagram of a parallel group trial of minimal surgery compared with medical management for chronic gastro-oesophageal reflux also included a parallel non-randomised preference group (see fig 3).196 The exact form and content of the flow diagram may be varied according to specific features of a trial. For example, many trials of surgery or vaccination do not include the possibility of discontinuation. Although CONSORT strongly recommends using this graphical device to communicate participant flow throughout the study, there is no specific, prescribed format.Item 13b. For each group, losses and exclusions after randomisation, together with reasonsExamples—“There was only one protocol deviation, in a woman in the study group. She had an abnormal pelvic measurement and was scheduled for elective caesarean section. However, the attending obstetrician judged a trial of labour acceptable; caesarean section was done when there was no progress in the first stage of labour.”197“The monitoring led to withdrawal of nine centres, in which existence of some patients could not be proved, or other serious violations of good clinical practice had occurred.”198Explanation—Some protocol deviations may be reported in the flow diagram (see item 13a)—for example, participants who did not receive the intended intervention. If participants were excluded after randomisation (contrary to the intention-to-treat principle) because they were found not to meet eligibility criteria (see item 16), they should be included in the flow diagram. Use of the term “protocol deviation” in published articles is not sufficient to justify exclusion of participants after randomisation. The nature of the protocol deviation and the exact reason for excluding participants after randomisation should always be reported.Item 14a. Dates defining the periods of recruitment and follow-upExample—“Age-eligible participants were recruited … from February 1993 to September 1994 … Participants attended clinic visits at the time of randomisation (baseline) and at 6-month intervals for 3 years.”199Explanation—Knowing when a study took place and over what period participants were recruited places the study in historical context. Medical and surgical therapies, including concurrent therapies, evolve continuously and may affect the routine care given to participants during a trial. Knowing the rate at which participants were recruited may also be useful, especially to other investigators.The length of follow-up is not always a fixed period after randomisation. In many RCTs in which the outcome is time to an event, follow-up of all participants is ended on a specific date. This date should be given, and it is also useful to report the minimum, maximum, and median duration of follow-up.200 201A review of reports in oncology journals that used survival analysis, most of which were not RCTs, 201 found that nearly 80% (104 of 132 reports) included the starting and ending dates for accrual of patients, but only 24% (32 of 132 reports) also reported the date on which follow-up ended.Item 14b. Why the trial ended or was stoppedExamples—“At the time of the interim analysis, the total follow-up included an estimated 63% of the total number of patient-years that would have been collected at the end of the study, leading to a threshold value of 0.0095, as determined by the Lan-DeMets alpha-spending function method … At the interim analysis, the RR was 0.37 in the intervention group, as compared with the control group, with a p value of 0.00073, below the threshold value. The Data and Safety Monitoring Board advised the investigators to interrupt the trial and offer circumcision to the control group, who were then asked to come to the investigation centre, where MC (medical circumcision) was advised and proposed … Because the study was interrupted, some participants did not have a full follow-up on that date, and their visits that were not yet completed are described as “planned” in this article.”202“In January 2000, problems with vaccine supply necessitated the temporary nationwide replacement of the whole cell component of the combined DPT/Hib vaccine with acellular pertussis vaccine. As this vaccine has a different local reactogenicity profile, we decided to stop the trial early.”203Explanation—Arguably, trialists who arbitrarily conduct unplanned interim analyses after very few events accrue using no statistical guidelines run a high risk of “catching” the data at a random extreme, which likely represents a large overestimate of treatment benefit.204Readers will likely draw weaker inferences from a trial that was truncated in a data-driven manner versus one that reports its findings after reaching a goal independent of results. Thus, RCTs should indicate why the trial came to an end (see box 5). The report should also disclose factors extrinsic to the trial that affected the decision to stop the trial, and who made the decision to stop the trial, including reporting the role the funding agency played in the deliberations and in the decision to stop the trial.134A systematic review of 143 RCTs stopped earlier than planned for benefit found that these trials reported stopping after accruing a median of 66 events, estimated a median relative risk of 0.47 and a strong relation between the number of events accrued and the size of the effect, with smaller trials with fewer events yielding the largest treatment effects (odds ratio 31, 95% conﬁdence interval 12 to 82).134 While an increasing number of trials published in high impact medical journals report stopping early, only 0.1% of trials reported stopping early for benefit, which contrasts with estimates arising from simulation studies205 and surveys of data safety and monitoring committees.206 Thus, many trials accruing few participants and reporting large treatment effects may have been stopped earlier than planned but failed to report this action.Box 5: Early stoppingRCTs can end when they reach their sample size goal, their event count goal, their length of follow-up goal, or when they reach their scheduled date of closure. In these situations the trial will stop in a manner independent of its results, and stopping is unlikely to introduce bias in the results. Alternatively, RCTs can stop earlier than planned because of the result of an interim analysis showing larger than expected benefit or harm on the experimental intervention. Also RCTs can stop earlier than planned when investigators find evidence of no important difference between experimental and control interventions (that is, stopping for futility). In addition, trials may stop early because the trial becomes unviable: funding vanishes, researchers cannot access eligible patients or study interventions, or the results of other studies make the research question irrelevant.Full reporting of why a trial ended is important for evidence based decision making (see item 14b). Researchers examining why 143 trials stopped early for benefit found that many failed to report key methodological information regarding how the decision to stop was reached—the planned sample size (n=28), interim analysis after which the trial was stopped (n=45), or whether a stopping rule informed the decision (n=48).134 Item 7b of the checklist requires the reporting of timing of interim analyses, what triggered them, how many took place, whether these were planned or ad hoc, and whether there were statistical guidelines and stopping rules in place a priori. Furthermore, it is helpful to know whether an independent data monitoring committee participated in the analyses (and who composed it, with particular attention to the role of the funding source) and who made the decision to stop. Often the data safety and monitoring committee makes recommendations and the funders (sponsors) or the investigators make the decision to stop.Trials that stop early for reasons apparently independent of trial findings, and trials that reach their planned termination, are unlikely to introduce bias by stopping.207 In these cases, the authors should report whether interim analyses took place and whether these results were available to the funder.The push for trials that change the intervention in response to interim results, thus enabling a faster evaluation of promising interventions for rapidly evolving and fatal conditions, will require even more careful reporting of the process and decision to stop trials early.208Item 15. A table showing baseline demographic and clinical characteristics for each groupExample—See table 4⇓Table 4  Example of reporting baseline demographic and clinical characteristics.* (Adapted from table 1 of Yusuf et al209)View this table:View popupView inlineExplanation—Although the eligibility criteria (see item 4a) indicate who was eligible for the trial, it is also important to know the characteristics of the participants who were actually included. This information allows readers, especially clinicians, to judge how relevant the results of a trial might be to an individual patient.Randomised trials aim to compare groups of participants that differ only with respect to the intervention (treatment). Although proper random assignment prevents selection bias, it does not guarantee that the groups are equivalent at baseline. Any differences in baseline characteristics are, however, the result of chance rather than bias.32 The study groups should be compared at baseline for important demographic and clinical characteristics so that readers can assess how similar they were. Baseline data are especially valuable for outcomes that can also be measured at the start of the trial (such as blood pressure).Baseline information is most efficiently presented in a table (see table 4⇑). For continuous variables, such as weight or blood pressure, the variability of the data should be reported, along with average values. Continuous variables can be summarised for each group by the mean and standard deviation. When continuous data have an asymmetrical distribution, a preferable approach may be to quote the median and a centile range (such as the 25th and 75th centiles).177 Standard errors and confidence intervals are not appropriate for describing variability—they are inferential rather than descriptive statistics. Variables with a small number of ordered categories (such as stages of disease I to IV) should not be treated as continuous variables; instead, numbers and proportions should be reported for each category.48 177Unfortunately significance tests of baseline differences are still common23 32 210; they were reported in half of 50 RCTs trials published in leading general journals in 1997.183 Such significance tests assess the probability that observed baseline differences could have occurred by chance; however, we already know that any differences are caused by chance. Tests of baseline differences are not necessarily wrong, just illogical.211 Such hypothesis testing is superfluous and can mislead investigators and their readers. Rather, comparisons at baseline should be based on consideration of the prognostic strength of the variables measured and the size of any chance imbalances that have occurred.211Item 16. For each group, number of participants (denominator) included in each analysis and whether the analysis was by original assigned groupsExamples—“The primary analysis was intention-to-treat and involved all patients who were randomly assigned.”212“One patient in the alendronate group was lost to follow up; thus data from 31 patients were available for the intention-to-treat analysis. Five patients were considered protocol violators … consequently 26 patients remained for the per-protocol analyses.”213Explanation—The number of participants in each group is an essential element of the analyses. Although the flow diagram (see item 13a) may indicate the numbers of participants analysed, these numbers often vary for different outcome measures. The number of participants per group should be given for all analyses. For binary outcomes, (such as risk ratio and risk difference) the denominators or event rates should also be reported. Expressing results as fractions also aids the reader in assessing whether some of the randomly assigned participants were excluded from the analysis. It follows that results should not be presented solely as summary measures, such as relative risks.Participants may sometimes not receive the full intervention, or some ineligible patients may have been randomly allocated in error. One widely recommended way to handle such issues is to analyse all participants according to their original group assignment, regardless of what subsequently occurred (see box 6). This “intention-to-treat” strategy is not always straightforward to implement. It is common for some patients not to complete a study—they may drop out or be withdrawn from active treatment—and thus are not assessed at the end. If the outcome is mortality, such patients may be included in the analysis based on register information, whereas imputation techniques may need to be used if other outcome data are missing. The term “intention-to-treat analysis” is often inappropriately used—for example, when those who did not receive the first dose of a trial drug are excluded from the analyses.18Conversely, analysis can be restricted to only participants who fulfil the protocol in terms of eligibility, interventions, and outcome assessment. This analysis is known as an “on-treatment” or “per protocol” analysis. Excluding participants from the analysis can lead to erroneous conclusions. For example, in a trial that compared medical with surgical therapy for carotid stenosis, analysis limited to participants who were available for follow-up showed that surgery reduced the risk for transient ischaemic attack, stroke, and death. However, intention-to-treat analysis based on all participants as originally assigned did not show a superior effect of surgery.214Intention-to-treat analysis is generally favoured because it avoids bias associated with non-random loss of participants.215 216 217 Regardless of whether authors use the term “intention-to-treat,” they should make clear which and how many participants are included in each analysis (see item 13). Non-compliance with assigned therapy may mean that the intention-to-treat analysis underestimates the potential benefit of the treatment, and additional analyses, such as a per protocol analysis, may therefore be considered.218 219 It should be noted, however, that such analyses are often considerably flawed.220In a review of 403 RCTs published in 10 leading medical journals in 2002, 249 (62%) reported the use of intention-to-treat analysis for their primary analysis. This proportion was higher for journals adhering to the CONSORT statement (70% v 48%). Among articles that reported the use of intention-to-treat analysis, only 39% actually analysed all participants as randomised, with more than 60% of articles having missing data in their primary analysis.221 Other studies show similar findings.18 222 223 Trials with no reported exclusions are methodologically weaker in other respects than those that report on some excluded participants,173 strongly indicating that at least some researchers who have excluded participants do not report it. Another study found that reporting an intention-to-treat analysis was associated with other aspects of good study design and reporting, such as describing a sample size calculation.224Box 6: Intention-to-treat analysisThe special strength of the RCT is the avoidance of bias when allocating interventions to trial participants (see box 1). That strength allows strong inferences about cause and effect that are not justified with other study designs. In order to preserve fully the huge benefit of randomisation we should include all randomised participants in the analysis, all retained in the group to which they were allocated. Those two conditions define an “intention-to-treat” analysis, which is widely recommended as the preferred analysis strategy.18 223 Intention-to-treat analysis corresponds to analysing the groups exactly as randomised. Strict intention-to-treat analysis is often hard to achieve for two main reasons—missing outcomes for some participants and non-adherence to the trial protocol.Missing outcomesMany trialists exclude patients without an observed outcome. Often this is reasonable, but once any randomised participants are excluded the analysis is not strictly an intention-to-treat analysis. Indeed, most randomised trials have some missing observations. Trialists effectively must choose between omitting the participants without final outcome data or imputing their missing outcome data.225 A “complete case” (or “available case”) analysis includes only those whose outcome is known. While a few missing outcomes will not cause a problem, in half of trials more than 10% of randomised patients may have missing outcomes.226 This common approach will lose power by reducing the sample size, and bias may well be introduced if being lost to follow-up is related to a patient’s response to treatment. There should be concern when the frequency or the causes of dropping out differ between the intervention groups.Participants with missing outcomes can be included in the analysis only if their outcomes are imputed (that is, their outcomes are estimated from other information that was collected). Imputation of the missing data allows the analysis to conform to intention-to-treat analysis but requires strong assumptions, which may be hard to justify.227 Simple imputation methods are appealing, but their use may be inadvisable. In particular, a widely used method is “last observation carried forward” in which missing final values of the outcome variable are replaced by the last known value before the participant was lost to follow up. This is appealing through its simplicity, but the method may introduce bias,228 and no allowance is made for the uncertainty of imputation.229 Many authors have severely criticised last observation carried forward.229 230 231Non-adherence to the protocolA separate issue is that the trial protocol may not have been followed fully for some trial participants. Common examples are participants who did not meet the inclusion criteria (such as wrong diagnosis, too young), received a proscribed co-intervention, did not take all the intended treatment, or received a different treatment or no intervention. The simple way to deal with any protocol deviations is to ignore them: all participants can be included in the analysis regardless of adherence to the protocol, and this is the intention-to-treat approach. Thus, exclusion of any participants for such reasons is incompatible with intention-to-treat analysis.The term “modified intention-to-treat” is quite widely used to describe an analysis that excludes participants who did not adequately adhere to the protocol, in particular those who did not receive a defined minimum amount of the intervention.232 An alternative term is “per protocol.” Though a per protocol analysis may be appropriate in some settings, it should be properly labelled as a non-randomised, observational comparison. Any exclusion of patients from the analysis compromises the randomisation and may lead to bias in the results.Like “intention-to-treat,” none of these other labels reliably clarifies exactly which patients were included. Thus, in the CONSORT checklist we have dropped the specific request for intention-to-treat analysis in favour of a clear description of exactly who was included in each analysis.Item 17a. For each primary and secondary outcome, results for each group, and the estimated effect size and its precision (such as 95% confidence interval)Examples—See tables 5⇓ and 6⇓.Table 5  Example of reporting of summary results for each study group (binary outcomes).* (Adapted from table 2 of Mease et al103)View this table:View popupView inlineTable 6  Example of reporting of summary results for each study group (continuous outcomes). (Adapted from table 3 of van Linschoten234)View this table:View popupView inlineExplanation—For each outcome, study results should be reported as a summary of the outcome in each group (for example, the number of participants with or without the event and the denominators, or the mean and standard deviation of measurements), together with the contrast between the groups, known as the effect size. For binary outcomes, the effect size could be the risk ratio (relative risk), odds ratio, or risk difference; for survival time data, it could be the hazard ratio or difference in median survival time; and for continuous data, it is usually the difference in means. Confidence intervals should be presented for the contrast between groups. A common error is the presentation of separate confidence intervals for the outcome in each group rather than for the treatment effect.233 Trial results are often more clearly displayed in a table rather than in the text, as shown in tables 5⇑ and 6⇑.For all outcomes, authors should provide a confidence interval to indicate the precision (uncertainty) of the estimate.48 235 A 95% confidence interval is conventional, but occasionally other levels are used. Many journals require or strongly encourage the use of confidence intervals.236 They are especially valuable in relation to differences that do not meet conventional statistical significance, for which they often indicate that the result does not rule out an important clinical difference. The use of confidence intervals has increased markedly in recent years, although not in all medical specialties.233 Although P values may be provided in addition to confidence intervals, results should not be reported solely as P values.237 238 Results should be reported for all planned primary and secondary end points, not just for analyses that were statistically significant or “interesting.” Selective reporting within a study is a widespread and serious problem.55 57 In trials in which interim analyses were performed, interpretation should focus on the final results at the close of the trial, not the interim results.239For both binary and survival time data, expressing the results also as the number needed to treat for benefit or harm can be helpful (see item 21).240 241Item 17b. For binary outcomes, presentation of both absolute and relative effect sizes is recommendedExample—“The risk of oxygen dependence or death was reduced by 16% (95% CI 25% to 7%). The absolute difference was −6.3% (95% CI −9.9% to −2.7%); early administration to an estimated 16 babies would therefore prevent 1 baby dying or being long-term dependent on oxygen” (also see table 7⇓).242Table 7  Example of reporting both absolute and relative effect sizes. (Adapted from table 3 of The OSIRIS Collaborative Group242)View this table:View popupView inlineExplanation—When the primary outcome is binary, both the relative effect (risk ratio (relative risk) or odds ratio) and the absolute effect (risk difference) should be reported (with confidence intervals), as neither the relative measure nor the absolute measure alone gives a complete picture of the effect and its implications. Different audiences may prefer either relative or absolute risk, but both doctors and lay people tend to overestimate the effect when it is presented in terms of relative risk.243 244 245 The size of the risk difference is less generalisable to other populations than the relative risk since it depends on the baseline risk in the unexposed group, which tends to vary across populations. For diseases where the outcome is common, a relative risk near unity might indicate clinically important differences in public health terms. In contrast, a large relative risk when the outcome is rare may not be so important for public health (although it may be important to an individual in a high risk category).Item 18. Results of any other analyses performed, including subgroup analyses and adjusted analyses, distinguishing pre-specified from exploratoryExample—“On the basis of a study that suggested perioperative β-blocker efficacy might vary across baseline risk, we prespecified our primary subgroup analysis on the basis of the revised cardiac risk index scoring system. We also did prespecified secondary subgroup analyses based on sex, type of surgery, and use of an epidural or spinal anaesthetic. For all subgroup analyses, we used Cox proportional hazard models that incorporated tests for interactions, designated to be significant at p<0.05 … Figure 3 shows the results of our prespecified subgroup analyses and indicates consistency of effects … Our subgroup analyses were underpowered to detect the modest differences in subgroup effects that one might expect to detect if there was a true subgroup effect.”100Explanation—Multiple analyses of the same data create a risk for false positive findings.246 Authors should resist the temptation to perform many subgroup analyses.183 185 247 Analyses that were prespecified in the trial protocol (see item 24) are much more reliable than those suggested by the data, and therefore authors should report which analyses were prespecified. If subgroup analyses were undertaken, authors should report which subgroups were examined, why, if they were prespecified, and how many were prespecified. Selective reporting of subgroup analyses could lead to bias.248 When evaluating a subgroup the question is not whether the subgroup shows a statistically significant result but whether the subgroup treatment effects are significantly different from each other. To determine this, a test of interaction is helpful, although the power for such tests is typically low. If formal evaluations of interaction are undertaken (see item 12b) they should be reported as the estimated difference in the intervention effect in each subgroup (with a confidence interval), not just as P values.In one survey, 35 of 50 trial reports included subgroup analyses, of which only 42% used tests of interaction.183 It was often difficult to determine whether subgroup analyses had been specified in the protocol. In another survey of surgical trials published in high impact journals, 27 of 72 trials reported 54 subgroup analyses, of which 91% were post hoc and only 6% of subgroup analyses used a test of interaction to assess whether a subgroup effect existed.249Similar recommendations apply to analyses in which adjustment was made for baseline variables. If done, both unadjusted and adjusted analyses should be reported. Authors should indicate whether adjusted analyses, including the choice of variables to adjust for, were planned. Ideally, the trial protocol should state whether adjustment is made for nominated baseline variables by using analysis of covariance.187 Adjustment for variables because they differ significantly at baseline is likely to bias the estimated treatment effect.187 A survey found that unacknowledged discrepancies between protocols and publications were found for all 25 trials reporting subgroup analyses and for 23 of 28 trials reporting adjusted analyses.92Item 19. All important harms or unintended effects in each groupFor specific guidance see CONSORT for harms.42Example—“The proportion of patients experiencing any adverse event was similar between the rBPI21 [recombinant bactericidal/permeability-increasing protein] and placebo groups: 168 (88.4%) of 190 and 180 (88.7%) of 203, respectively, and it was lower in patients treated with rBPI21 than in those treated with placebo for 11 of 12 body systems … the proportion of patients experiencing a severe adverse event, as judged by the investigators, was numerically lower in the rBPI21 group than the placebo group: 53 (27.9%) of 190 versus 74 (36.5%) of 203 patients, respectively. There were only three serious adverse events reported as drug-related and they all occurred in the placebo group.”250Explanation—Readers need information about the harms as well as the benefits of interventions to make rational and balanced decisions. The existence and nature of adverse effects can have a major impact on whether a particular intervention will be deemed acceptable and useful. Not all reported adverse events observed during a trial are necessarily a consequence of the intervention; some may be a consequence of the condition being treated. Randomised trials offer the best approach for providing safety data as well as efficacy data, although they cannot detect rare harms.Many reports of RCTs provide inadequate information on adverse events. A survey of 192 drug trials published from 1967 to 1999 showed that only 39% had adequate reporting of clinical adverse events and 29% had adequate reporting of laboratory defined toxicity.72 More recently, a comparison between the adverse event data submitted to the trials database of the National Cancer Institute, which sponsored the trials, and the information reported in journal articles found that low grade adverse events were underreported in journal articles. High grade events (Common Toxicity Criteria grades 3 to 5) were reported inconsistently in the articles, and the information regarding attribution to investigational drugs was incomplete.251 Moreover, a review of trials published in six general medical journals in 2006 to 2007 found that, although 89% of 133 reports mentioned adverse events, no information on severe adverse events and withdrawal of patients due to an adverse event was given on 27% and 48% of articles, respectively.252An extension of the CONSORT statement has been developed to provide detailed recommendations on the reporting of harms in randomised trials.42 Recommendations and examples of appropriate reporting are freely available from the CONSORT website (www.consort-statement.org). They complement the CONSORT 2010 Statement and should be consulted, particularly if the study of harms was a key objective. Briefly, if data on adverse events were collected, events should be listed and defined, with reference to standardised criteria where appropriate. The methods used for data collection and attribution of events should be described. For each study arm the absolute risk of each adverse event, using appropriate metrics for recurrent events, and the number of participants withdrawn due to harms should be presented. Finally, authors should provide a balanced discussion of benefits and harms.42DiscussionItem 20. Trial limitations, addressing sources of potential bias, imprecision, and, if relevant, multiplicity of analysesExample—“The preponderance of male patients (85%) is a limitation of our study … We used bare-metal stents, since drug-eluting stents were not available until late during accrual. Although the latter factor may be perceived as a limitation, published data indicate no benefit (either short-term or long-term) with respect to death and myocardial infarction in patients with stable coronary artery disease who receive drug-eluting stents, as compared with those who receive bare-metal stents.”253Explanation—The discussion sections of scientific reports are often filled with rhetoric supporting the authors’ findings254 and provide little measured argument of the pros and cons of the study and its results. Some journals have attempted to remedy this problem by encouraging more structure to authors’ discussion of their results.255 256 For example, Annals of Internal Medicine recommends that authors structure the discussion section by presenting (1) a brief synopsis of the key findings, (2) consideration of possible mechanisms and explanations, (3) comparison with relevant findings from other published studies (whenever possible including a systematic review combining the results of the current study with the results of all previous relevant studies), (4) limitations of the present study (and methods used to minimise and compensate for those limitations), and (5) a brief section that summarises the clinical and research implications of the work, as appropriate.255 We recommend that authors follow these sensible suggestions, perhaps also using suitable subheadings in the discussion section.Although discussion of limitations is frequently omitted from research reports,257 identification and discussion of the weaknesses of a study have particular importance.258 For example, a surgical group reported that laparoscopic cholecystectomy, a technically difficult procedure, had significantly lower rates of complications than the more traditional open cholecystectomy for management of acute cholecystitis.259 However, the authors failed to discuss an obvious bias in their results. The study investigators had completed all the laparoscopic cholecystectomies, whereas 80% of the open cholecystectomies had been completed by trainees.Authors should also discuss any imprecision of the results. Imprecision may arise in connection with several aspects of a study, including measurement of a primary outcome (see item 6a) or diagnosis (see item 4a). Perhaps the scale used was validated on an adult population but used in a paediatric one, or the assessor was not trained in how to administer the instrument.The difference between statistical significance and clinical importance should always be borne in mind. Authors should particularly avoid the common error of interpreting a non-significant result as indicating equivalence of interventions. The confidence interval (see item 17a) provides valuable insight into whether the trial result is compatible with a clinically important effect, regardless of the P value.120Authors should exercise special care when evaluating the results of trials with multiple comparisons. Such multiplicity arises from several interventions, outcome measures, time points, subgroup analyses, and other factors. In such circumstances, some statistically significant findings are likely to result from chance alone.Item 21. Generalisability (external validity, applicability) of the trial findingsExamples—“As the intervention was implemented for both sexes, all ages, all types of sports, and at different levels of sports, the results indicate that the entire range of athletes, from young elite to intermediate and recreational senior athletes, would benefit from using the presented training programme for the prevention of recurrences of ankle sprain. By including non-medically treated and medically treated athletes, we covered a broad spectrum of injury severity. This suggests that the present training programme can be implemented in the treatment of all athletes. Furthermore, as it is reasonable to assume that ankle sprains not related to sports are comparable with those in sports, the programme could benefit the general population.”260“This replicates and extends the work of Clarke and colleagues and demonstrates that this CB (cognitive behavioural) prevention program can be reliably and effectively delivered in different settings by clinicians outside of the group who originally developed the intervention. The effect size was consistent with those of previously reported, single-site, indicated depression prevention studies and was robust across sites with respect to both depressive disorders and symptoms … In this generalisability trial, we chose a comparison condition that is relevant to public health—usual care … The sample also was predominantly working class to middle class with access to health insurance. Given evidence that CB therapy can be more efficacious for adolescents from homes with higher incomes, it will be important to test the effects of this prevention program with more economically and ethnically diverse samples.”261Explanation—External validity, also called generalisability or applicability, is the extent to which the results of a study can be generalised to other circumstances.262 Internal validity, the extent to which the design and conduct of the trial eliminate the possibility of bias, is a prerequisite for external validity: the results of a flawed trial are invalid and the question of its external validity becomes irrelevant. There is no absolute external validity; the term is meaningful only with regard to clearly specified conditions that were not directly examined in the trial. Can results be generalised to an individual participant or groups that differ from those enrolled in the trial with regard to age, sex, severity of disease, and comorbid conditions? Are the results applicable to other drugs within a class of similar drugs, to a different dose, timing, and route of administration, and to different concomitant therapies? Can similar results be expected at the primary, secondary, and tertiary levels of care? What about the effect on related outcomes that were not assessed in the trial, and the importance of length of follow-up and duration of treatment, especially with respect to harms?263External validity is a matter of judgment and depends on the characteristics of the participants included in the trial, the trial setting, the treatment regimens tested, and the outcomes assessed.5 136 It is therefore crucial that adequate information be described about eligibility criteria and the setting and location (see item 4b), the interventions and how they were administered (see item 5), the definition of outcomes (see item 6), and the period of recruitment and follow-up (see item 14). The proportion of control group participants in whom the outcome develops (control group risk) is also important. The proportion of eligible participants who refuse to enter the trial as indicated on the flowchart (see item 13) is relevant for the generalisability of the trial, as it may indicate preferences for or acceptability of an intervention. Similar considerations may apply to clinician preferences.264 265Several issues are important when results of a trial are applied to an individual patient.266 267 268 Although some variation in treatment response between an individual patient and the patients in a trial or systematic review is to be expected, the differences tend to be in magnitude rather than direction.Although there are important exceptions,268 therapies (especially drugs 269) found to be beneficial in a narrow range of patients generally have broader application in actual practice. Frameworks for the evaluation of external validity have been proposed, including qualitative studies, such as in integral “process evaluations”270 and checklists.271 Measures that incorporate baseline risk when calculating therapeutic effects, such as the number needed to treat to obtain one additional favourable outcome and the number needed to treat to produce one adverse effect, are helpful in assessing the benefit-to-risk balance in an individual patient or group with characteristics that differ from the typical trial participant.268 272 273 Finally, after deriving patient centred estimates for the potential benefit and harm from an intervention, the clinician must integrate them with the patient’s values and preferences for therapy. Similar considerations apply when assessing the generalisability of results to different settings and interventions.Item 22. Interpretation consistent with results, balancing benefits and harms, and considering other relevant evidenceExample—“Studies published before 1990 suggested that prophylactic immunotherapy also reduced nosocomial infections in very-low-birth-weight infants. However, these studies enrolled small numbers of patients; employed varied designs, preparations, and doses; and included diverse study populations. In this large multicenter, randomised controlled trial, the repeated prophylactic administration of intravenous immune globulin failed to reduce the incidence of nosocomial infections significantly in premature infants weighing 501 to 1500 g at birth.”274Explanation—Readers will want to know how the present trial’s results relate to those of other RCTs. This can best be achieved by including a formal systematic review in the results or discussion section of the report.83 275 276 277 Such synthesis may be impractical for trial authors, but it is often possible to quote a systematic review of similar trials. A systematic review may help readers assess whether the results of the RCT are similar to those of other trials in the same topic area and whether participants are similar across studies. Reports of RCTs have often not dealt adequately with these points.277 Bayesian methods can be used to statistically combine the trial data with previous evidence.278We recommend that, at a minimum, the discussion should be as systematic as possible and be based on a comprehensive search, rather than being limited to studies that support the results of the current trial.279Other informationItem 23. Registration number and name of trial registryExample—“The trial is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, number  NCT00244842. ”280Explanation—The consequences of non-publication of entire trials,281 282 selective reporting of outcomes within trials, and of per protocol rather than intention-to-treat analysis have been well documented.55 56 283 Covert redundant publication of clinical trials can also cause problems, particularly for authors of systematic reviews when results from the same trial are inadvertently included more than once.284To minimise or avoid these problems there have been repeated calls over the past 25 years to register clinical trials at their inception, to assign unique trial identification numbers, and to record other basic information about the trial so that essential details are made publicly available.285 286 287 288 Provoked by recent serious problems of withholding data,289 there has been a renewed effort to register randomised trials. Indeed, the World Health Organisation states that “the registration of all interventional trials is a scientific, ethical and moral responsibility” (www.who.int/ictrp/en). By registering a randomised trial, authors typically report a minimal set of information and obtain a unique trial registration number.In September 2004 the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) changed their policy, saying that they would consider trials for publication only if they had been registered before the enrolment of the first participant.290 This resulted in a dramatic increase in the number of trials being registered.291 The ICMJE gives guidance on acceptable registries (www.icmje.org/faq.pdf).In a recent survey of 165 high impact factor medical journals’ instructions to authors, 44 journals specifically stated that all recent clinical trials must be registered as a requirement of submission to that journal.292Authors should provide the name of the register and the trial’s unique registration number. If authors had not registered their trial they should explicitly state this and give the reason.Item 24. Where the full trial protocol can be accessed, if availableExample—“Full details of the trial protocol can be found in the Supplementary Appendix, available with the full text of this article at www.nejm.org.”293Explanation—A protocol for the complete trial (rather than a protocol of a specific procedure within a trial) is important because it pre-specifies the methods of the randomised trial, such as the primary outcome (see item 6a). Having a protocol can help to restrict the likelihood of undeclared post hoc changes to the trial methods and selective outcome reporting (see item 6b). Elements that may be important for inclusion in the protocol for a randomised trial are described elsewhere.294There are several options for authors to consider ensuring their trial protocol is accessible to interested readers. As described in the example above, journals reporting a trial’s primary results can make the trial protocol available on their web site. Accessibility to the trial results and protocol is enhanced when the journal is open access. Some journals (such as Trials) publish trial protocols, and such a publication can be referenced when reporting the trial’s principal results. Trial registration (see item 23) will also ensure that many trial protocol details are available, as the minimum trial characteristics included in an approved trial registration database includes several protocol items and results (www.who.int/ictrp/en). Trial investigators may also be able to post their trial protocol on a website through their employer. Whatever mechanism is used, we encourage all trial investigators to make their protocol easily accessible to interested readers.Item 25. Sources of funding and other support (such as supply of drugs), role of fundersExamples—“Grant support was received for the intervention from Plan International and for the research from the Wellcome Trust and Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS). The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.”295“This study was funded by GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals. GlaxoSmithKline was involved in the design and conduct of the study and provided logistical support during the trial. Employees of the sponsor worked with the investigators to prepare the statistical analysis plan, but the analyses were performed by the University of Utah. The manuscript was prepared by Dr Shaddy and the steering committee members. GlaxoSmithKline was permitted to review the manuscript and suggest changes, but the final decision on content was exclusively retained by the authors.”296Explanation—Authors should report the sources of funding for the trial, as this is important information for readers assessing a trial. Studies have showed that research sponsored by the pharmaceutical industry are more likely to produce results favouring the product made by the company sponsoring the research than studies funded by other sources.297 298 299 300 A systematic review of 30 studies on funding found that research funded by the pharmaceutical industry had four times the odds of having outcomes favouring the sponsor than research funded by other sources (odds ratio 4.05, 95% confidence interval 2.98 to 5.51).297 A large proportion of trial publications do not currently report sources of funding. The degree of underreporting is difficult to quantify. A survey of 370 drug trials found that 29% failed to report sources of funding.301 In another survey, of PubMed indexed randomised trials published in December 2000, source of funding was reported for 66% of the 519 trials.16The level of involvement by a funder and their influence on the design, conduct, analysis, and reporting of a trial varies. It is therefore important that authors describe in detail the role of the funders. If the funder had no such involvement, the authors should state so. Similarly, authors should report any other sources of support, such as supply and preparation of drugs or equipment, or in the analysis of data and writing of the manuscript.302Reporting RCTs that did not have a two group parallel designThe primary focus of the CONSORT recommendations is RCTs with a parallel design and two treatment groups. Most RCTs have that design, but a substantial minority do not: 45% (233/519) of RCTs published in December 2000,16 and 39% (242/616) in December 2006.17Most of the CONSORT statement applies equally to all trial designs, but there are a few additional issues to address for each design. Before the publication of the revised CONSORT statement in 2001, the CONSORT Group decided to develop extensions to the main CONSORT statement relevant to specific trial designs. Extensions have been published relating to reporting of cluster randomised trials40 and non-inferiority and equivalence trials.39 Lack of resources has meant that other planned extensions have not been completed; they will cover trials with the following designs: multiarm parallel, factorial, crossover, within-person.Authors reporting trials with a cluster design or using a non-inferiority or equivalence framework should consult the CONSORT recommendations in addition to those in this document. Here we make a few interim comments about the other designs. In each case, the trial design should be made clear in both the main text and the article’s abstract.Multiarm (>2 group) parallel group trials need the least modification of the standard CONSORT guidance. The flow diagram can be extended easily. The main differences from trials with two groups relate to clarification of how the study hypotheses relate to the multiple groups, and the consequent methods of data analysis and interpretation. For factorial trials, the possibility of interaction between the interventions generally needs to be considered. In addition to overall comparisons of participants who did or did not receive each intervention under study, investigators should consider also reporting results for each treatment combination.303In crossover trials, each participant receives two (or more) treatments in a random order. The main additional issues to address relate to the paired nature of the data, which affect design and analysis.304 Similar issues affect within-person comparisons, in which participants receive two treatments simultaneously (often to paired organs). Also, because of the risk of temporal or systemic carryover effects, respectively, in both cases the choice of design needs justification.The CONSORT Group intends to publish extensions to CONSORT to cover all these designs. In addition, we will publish updates to existing guidance for cluster randomised trials and non-inferiority and equivalence trials to take account of this major update of the generic CONSORT guidance.DiscussionAssessment of healthcare interventions can be misleading unless investigators ensure unbiased comparisons. Random allocation to study groups remains the only method that eliminates selection and confounding biases. Non-randomised trials tend to result in larger estimated treatment effects than randomised trials.305 306Bias jeopardises even RCTs, however, if investigators carry out such trials improperly.307 A recent systematic review, aggregating the results of several methodological investigations, found that, for subjective outcomes, trials that used inadequate or unclear allocation concealment yielded 31% larger estimates of effect than those that used adequate concealment, and trials that were not blinded yielded 25% larger estimates.153 As might be expected, there was a strong association between the two.The design and implementation of an RCT require methodological as well as clinical expertise, meticulous effort,143 308 and a high level of alertness for unanticipated difficulties. Reports of RCTs should be written with similarly close attention to reducing bias. Readers should not have to speculate; the methods used should be complete and transparent so that readers can readily differentiate trials with unbiased results from those with questionable results. Sound science encompasses adequate reporting, and the conduct of ethical trials rests on the footing of sound science.309We hope this update of the CONSORT explanatory article will assist authors in using the 2010 version of CONSORT and explain in general terms the importance of adequately reporting of trials. The CONSORT statement can help researchers designing trials in future310 and can guide peer reviewers and editors in their evaluation of manuscripts. Indeed, we encourage peer reviewers and editors to use the CONSORT checklist to assess whether authors have reported on these items. Such assessments will likely improve the clarity and transparency of published trials. Because CONSORT is an evolving document, it requires a dynamic process of continual assessment, refinement, and, if necessary, change, which is why we have this update of the checklist and explanatory article. As new evidence and critical comments accumulate, we will evaluate the need for future updates.The first version of the CONSORT statement, from 1996, seems to have led to improvement in the quality of reporting of RCTs in the journals that have adopted it.50 51 52 53 54. Other groups are using the CONSORT template to improve the reporting of other research designs, such as diagnostic tests311 and observational studies.312The CONSORT website (www.consort-statement.org) has been established to provide educational material and a repository database of materials relevant to the reporting of RCTs. The site includes many examples from real trials, including all of the examples included in this article. We will continue to add good and bad examples of reporting to the database, and we invite readers to submit further suggestions by contacting us through the website. The CONSORT Group will continue to survey the literature to find relevant articles that address issues relevant to the reporting of RCTs, and we invite authors of any such articles to notify us about them. All of this information will be made accessible through the CONSORT website, which is updated regularly.More than 400 leading general and specialty journals and biomedical editorial groups, including the ICMJE, World Association of Medical Journal Editors, and the Council of Science Editors, have given their official support to CONSORT. We invite other journals concerned about the quality of reporting of clinical trials to endorse the CONSORT statement and contact us through our website to let us know of their support. The ultimate benefactors of these collective efforts should be people who, for whatever reason, require intervention from the healthcare community.NotesCite this as: BMJ 2010;340:c869FootnotesWe are grateful to Frank Davidoff and Tom Lang for their involvement in the 2001 version of CONSORT explanation and elaboration document. A special thanks to Mary Ocampo, the Ottawa CONSORT coordinator, who helped deliver this explanation and elaboration paper and the CONSORT statement.  The CONSORT Group contributors to CONSORT 2010: Douglas G Altman, Centre for Statistics in Medicine, University of Oxford, UK; Virginia Barbour, PLoS Medicine, UK; Jesse A Berlin, Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research and Development, USA; Isabelle Boutron, University Paris 7 Denis Diderot, Assistance Publique des Hôpitaux de Paris, INSERM, France; PJ Devereaux, McMaster University, Canada; Kay Dickersin, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, USA; Diana Elbourne, London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, UK; Susan Ellenberg, University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, USA; Val Gebski, University of Sydney, Australia; Steven Goodman, Journal of the Society for Clinical Trials, USA; Peter C Gøtzsche, Nordic Cochrane Centre, Denmark; Trish Groves, BMJ, UK; Steven Grunberg, American Society of Clinical Oncology, USA; Brian Haynes, McMaster University, Canada; Sally Hopewell, Centre for Statistics in Medicine, University of Oxford, UK; Astrid James, Lancet; Peter Juhn, Johnson & Johnson, USA; Philippa Middleton, University of Adelaide, Australia; Don Minckler, University of California Irvine, USA; David Moher, Ottawa Methods Centre, Clinical Epidemiology Program, Ottawa Hospital Research Institute, Canada; Victor M Montori, Knowledge and Encounter Research Unit, Mayo Clinic College of Medicine, USA; Cynthia Mulrow, Annals of Internal Medicine, USA; Stuart Pocock, London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, UK; Drummond Rennie, JAMA, USA; David L Schriger, Annals of Emergency Medicine, USA; Kenneth F Schulz, Family Health International, USA; Iveta Simera, EQUATOR Network, UK; Elizabeth Wager, Sideview, UK.Funding: We gratefully acknowledge financial support from United Kingdom National Institute for Health Research; Canadian Institutes of Health Research; Presidents Fund, Canadian Institutes of Health Research; Johnson & Johnson; BMJ; and the American Society for Clinical Oncology.In order to encourage dissemination of the CONSORT 2010 Statement, this article is freely accessible on bmj.com and will also be published in the Journal of Clinical Epidemiology. The authors jointly hold the copyright of this article. For details on further use, see the CONSORT website (www.consort-statement.org).This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-commercial License, which permits use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, the use is non commercial and is otherwise in compliance with the license. See: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/  and  http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/legalcode.References↵Rennie D. CONSORT revised—improving the reporting of randomized trials. JAMA2001;285:2006-7.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Schulz KF, Chalmers I, Hayes RJ, Altman DG. Empirical evidence of bias. Dimensions of methodological quality associated with estimates of treatment effects in controlled trials. JAMA1995;273:408-12.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Moher D. CONSORT: an evolving tool to help improve the quality of reports of randomized controlled trials. Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials. JAMA1998;279:1489-91.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Kjaergard LL, Villumsen J, Gluud C. Quality of randomised clinical trials affects estimates of intervention efficacy. 7th Cochrane Colloquium, Rome, Italy 1999.↵Jüni P, Altman DG, Egger M. Systematic reviews in health care: Assessing the quality of controlled clinical trials. BMJ2001;323:42-6.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Veldhuyzen van Zanten SJ, Cleary C, Talley NJ, Peterson TC, Nyren O, Bradley LA, et al. Drug treatment of functional dyspepsia: a systematic analysis of trial methodology with recommendations for design of future trials. Am J Gastroenterol1996;91:660-73.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Talley NJ, Owen BK, Boyce P, Paterson K. Psychological treatments for irritable bowel syndrome: a critique of controlled treatment trials. Am J Gastroenterol1996;91:277-83.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Adetugbo K, Williams H. How well are randomized controlled trials reported in the dermatology literature? Arch Dermatol2000;136:381-5.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Kjaergard LL, Nikolova D, Gluud C. Randomized clinical trials in HEPATOLOGY: predictors of quality. Hepatology1999;30:1134-8.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Schor S, Karten I. Statistical evaluation of medical journal manuscripts. JAMA1966;195:1123-8.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Gore SM, Jones IG, Rytter EC. Misuse of statistical methods: critical assessment of articles in BMJ from January to March 1976. BMJ1977;1:85-7.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Hall JC, Hill D, Watts JM. Misuse of statistical methods in the Australasian surgical literature. Aust N Z J Surg1982;52:541-3.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Altman DG. Statistics in medical journals. Stat Med1982;1:59-71.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Pocock SJ, Hughes MD, Lee RJ. Statistical problems in the reporting of clinical trials. A survey of three medical journals. N Engl J Med1987;317:426-32.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Altman DG. The scandal of poor medical research. BMJ1994;308:283-4.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Chan AW, Altman DG. Epidemiology and reporting of randomised trials published in PubMed journals. Lancet2005;365:1159-62.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Hopewell S, Dutton S, Yu LM, Chan AW, Altman DG. The quality of reports of randomised trials in 2000 and 2006: comparative study of articles indexed in PubMed. BMJ2010;340:c723OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Hollis S, Campbell F. What is meant by intention to treat analysis? Survey of published randomised controlled trials. BMJ1999;319:670-4.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Lai TY, Wong VW, Lam RF, Cheng AC, Lam DS, Leung GM. Quality of reporting of key methodological items of randomized controlled trials in clinical ophthalmic journals. Ophthalmic Epidemiol2007;14:390-8.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Moher D, Fortin P, Jadad AR, Jüni P, Klassen T, Le LJ, et al. Completeness of reporting of trials published in languages other than English: implications for conduct and reporting of systematic reviews. Lancet1996;347:363-6.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Junker CA. Adherence to published standards of reporting: a comparison of placebo-controlled trials published in English or German. JAMA1998;280:247-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Altman DG. Randomisation. BMJ1991;302:1481-2.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Schulz KF, Chalmers I, Grimes DA, Altman DG. Assessing the quality of randomization from reports of controlled trials published in obstetrics and gynecology journals. JAMA1994;272:125-8.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Streptomycin treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis: a Medical Research Council investigation. BMJ1948;2:769-82.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Schulz KF. Randomized controlled trials. Clin Obstet Gynecol1998;41:245-56.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Greenland S. Randomization, statistics, and causal inference. Epidemiology1990;1:421-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Armitage P. The role of randomization in clinical trials. Stat Med1982;1:345-52.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Kleijnen J, Gøtzsche PC, Kunz R, Oxman AD, Chalmers I. So what’s so special about randomisation. In: Maynard A, Chalmers I, eds. Non-random reflections on health services research. BMJ Books, 1997:93-106.↵Chalmers I. Assembling comparison groups to assess the effects of health care. J R Soc Med1997;90:379-86.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Nicolucci A, Grilli R, Alexanian AA, Apolone G, Torri V, Liberati A. Quality, evolution, and clinical implications of randomized, controlled trials on the treatment of lung cancer. A lost opportunity for meta-analysis. JAMA1989;262:2101-7.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Ah-See KW, Molony NC. A qualitative assessment of randomized controlled trials in otolaryngology. J Laryngol Otol1998;112:460-3.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Altman DG, Doré CJ. Randomisation and baseline comparisons in clinical trials. Lancet1990;335:149-53.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Thornley B, Adams C. Content and quality of 2000 controlled trials in schizophrenia over 50 years. BMJ1998;317:1181-4.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵DerSimonian R, Charette LJ, McPeek B, Mosteller F. Reporting on methods in clinical trials. N Engl J Med1982;306:1332-7.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵A proposal for structured reporting of randomized controlled trials. The Standards of Reporting Trials Group. JAMA1994;272:1926-31.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Call for comments on a proposal to improve reporting of clinical trials in the biomedical literature. Working Group on Recommendations for Reporting of Clinical Trials in the Biomedical Literature. Ann Intern Med1994;121:894-5.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Rennie D. Reporting randomized controlled trials. An experiment and a call for responses from readers. JAMA1995;273:1054-5.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Begg C, Cho M, Eastwood S, Horton R, Moher D, Olkin I, et al. Improving the quality of reporting of randomized controlled trials: the CONSORT statement. JAMA1996;276:637-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Piaggio G, Elbourne DR, Altman DG, Pocock SJ, Evans SJ. Reporting of noninferiority and equivalence randomized trials: an extension of the CONSORT statement. JAMA2006;295:1152-60.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Campbell MK, Elbourne DR, Altman DG. CONSORT statement: extension to cluster randomised trials. BMJ2004;328:702-8.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Zwarenstein M, Treweek S, Gagnier JJ, Altman DG, Tunis S, Haynes B, et al. Improving the reporting of pragmatic trials: an extension of the CONSORT statement. BMJ2008;337:a2390.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Ioannidis JP, Evans SJ, Gøtzsche PC, O’Neill RT, Altman DG, Schulz K, et al. Better reporting of harms in randomized trials: an extension of the CONSORT statement. Ann Intern Med2004;141:781-8.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Boutron I, Moher D, Altman DG, Schulz KF, Ravaud P. Extending the CONSORT statement to randomized trials of nonpharmacologic treatment: explanation and elaboration. Ann Intern Med2008;148:295-309.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Gagnier JJ, Boon H, Rochon P, Moher D, Barnes J, Bombardier C. Reporting randomized, controlled trials of herbal interventions: an elaborated CONSORT statement. Ann Intern Med2006;144:364-7.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Hopewell S, Clarke M, Moher D, Wager E, Middleton P, Altman DG, et al. CONSORT for reporting randomized controlled trials in journal and conference abstracts: explanation and elaboration. PLoS Med2008;5:e20.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Siegel JE, Weinstein MC, Russell LB, Gold MR. Recommendations for reporting cost-effectiveness analyses. Panel on Cost-Effectiveness in Health and Medicine. JAMA1996;276:1339-41.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Drummond MF, Jefferson TO. Guidelines for authors and peer reviewers of economic submissions to the BMJ. The BMJ Economic Evaluation Working Party. BMJ1996;313:275-83.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Lang TA, Secic M. How to report statistics in medicine. Annotated guidelines for authors, editors, and reviewers. ACP, 1997.↵Davidoff F. News from the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors. Ann Intern Med2000;133:229-31.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Plint AC, Moher D, Morrison A, Schulz K, Altman DG, Hill C, et al. Does the CONSORT checklist improve the quality of reports of randomised controlled trials? A systematic review. Med J Aust2006;185:263-7.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Egger M, Jüni P, Bartlett C. Value of flow diagrams in reports of randomized controlled trials. JAMA2001;285:1996-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Moher D, Schulz KF, Altman DG. The CONSORT statement: revised recommendations for improving the quality of reports of parallel-group randomized trials. Ann Intern Med2001;134:657-62.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Moher D, Schulz KF, Altman D. The CONSORT statement: revised recommendations for improving the quality of reports of parallel-group randomized trials. JAMA2001;285:1987-91.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Moher D, Schulz KF, Altman DG. The CONSORT statement: revised recommendations for improving the quality of reports of parallel-group randomised trials. Lancet2001;357:1191-4.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Chan AW, Hróbjartsson A, Haahr MT, Gøtzsche PC, Altman DG. Empirical evidence for selective reporting of outcomes in randomized trials: comparison of protocols to published articles. JAMA2004;291:2457-65.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Al-Marzouki S, Roberts I, Evans S, Marshall T. Selective reporting in clinical trials: analysis of trial protocols accepted by the Lancet. Lancet2008;372:201.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Dwan K, Altman DG, Arnaiz JA, Bloom J, Chan AW, Cronin E, et al. Systematic review of the empirical evidence of study publication bias and outcome reporting bias. PLoS ONE2008;3:e3081.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Altman DG, Schulz KF, Moher D, Egger M, Davidoff F, Elbourne D, et al. The revised CONSORT statement for reporting randomized trials: explanation and elaboration. Ann Intern Med2001;134:663-94.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Schulz KF, Altman DG, Moher D, for the CONSORT Group. CONSORT 2010 Statement: updated guidelines for reporting parallel group randomised trials. BMJ2010;340:c332.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Pocock SJ. Clinical trials: a practical approach. John Wiley, 1983.↵Meinert CL. Clinical trials: design, conduct and analysis. Oxford University Press, 1986.↵Friedman LM, Furberg CD, DeMets DL. Fundamentals of clinical trials. 3rd ed. Springer, 1998.↵Bolliger CT, Zellweger JP, Danielsson T, van Biljon X, Robidou A, Westin A, et al. Smoking reduction with oral nicotine inhalers: double blind, randomised clinical trial of efficacy and safety. BMJ2000;321:329-33.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Dickersin K, Manheimer E, Wieland S, Robinson KA, Lefebvre C, McDonald S. Development of the Cochrane Collaboration’s CENTRAL Register of controlled clinical trials. Eval Health Prof2002;25:38-64.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Hopewell S, Clarke M, Moher D, Wager E, Middleton P, Altman DG, et al. CONSORT for reporting randomised trials in journal and conference abstracts. Lancet2008;371:281-3.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵The impact of open access upon public health. PLoS Med2006;3:e252.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Harbourt AM, Knecht LS, Humphreys BL. Structured abstracts in MEDLINE, 1989-1991. Bull Med Libr Assoc1995;83:190-5.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Harris AH, Standard S, Brunning JL, Casey SL, Goldberg JH, Oliver L, et al. The accuracy of abstracts in psychology journals. J Psychol2002;136:141-8.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Pitkin RM, Branagan MA, Burmeister LF. Accuracy of data in abstracts of published research articles. JAMA1999;281:1110-1.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Ward LG, Kendrach MG, Price SO. Accuracy of abstracts for original research articles in pharmacy journals. Ann Pharmacother2004;38:1173-7.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Gøtzsche PC. Believability of relative risks and odds ratios in abstracts: cross sectional study. BMJ2006;333:231-4.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Ioannidis JP, Lau J. Completeness of safety reporting in randomized trials: an evaluation of 7 medical areas. JAMA2001;285:437-43.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Haynes RB, Mulrow CD, Huth EJ, Altman DG, Gardner MJ. More informative abstracts revisited. Ann Intern Med1990;113:69-76.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Taddio A, Pain T, Fassos FF, Boon H, Ilersich AL, Einarson TR. Quality of nonstructured and structured abstracts of original research articles in the British Medical Journal, the Canadian Medical Association Journal and the Journal of the American Medical Association. CMAJ1994;150:1611-5.OpenUrlAbstract↵Wager E, Middleton P. Technical editing of research reports in biomedical journals. Cochrane Database Syst Rev2008;MR000002.↵Hartley J, Sydes M, Blurton A. Obtaining information accurately and quickly: Are structured abstracts more efficient? J Inform Sci1996;22:349-56.OpenUrlCrossRef↵Gilligan D, Nicolson M, Smith I, Groen H, Dalesio O, Goldstraw P, et al. Preoperative chemotherapy in patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer: results of the MRC LU22/NVALT 2/EORTC 08012 multicentre randomised trial and update of systematic review. Lancet2007;369:1929-37.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Sandler AD, Sutton KA, DeWeese J, Girardi MA, Sheppard V, Bodfish JW. Lack of benefit of a single dose of synthetic human secretin in the treatment of autism and pervasive developmental disorder. N Engl J Med1999;341:1801-6.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵World Medical Association. Declaration of Helsinki: ethical principle for medical research involving human subjects. 59th WMA General Assembly, Seoul 2008; www.wma.net/e/policy/b3.htm (accessed 2 June 2009).↵Lau J, Antman EM, Jimenez-Silva J, Kupelnick B, Mosteller F, Chalmers TC. Cumulative meta-analysis of therapeutic trials for myocardial infarction. N Engl J Med1992;327:248-54.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Fergusson D, Glass KC, Hutton B, Shapiro S. Randomized controlled trials of aprotinin in cardiac surgery: could clinical equipoise have stopped the bleeding? Clin Trials2005;2:218-29.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Savulescu J, Chalmers I, Blunt J. Are research ethics committees behaving unethically? Some suggestions for improving performance and accountability. BMJ1996;313:1390-3.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Sadler LC, Davison T, McCowan LM. A randomised controlled trial and meta-analysis of active management of labour. BJOG2000;107:909-15.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Bath FJ, Owen VE, Bath PM. Quality of full and final publications reporting acute stroke trials: a systematic review. Stroke1998;29:2203-10.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Blumer JL, Findling RL, Shih WJ, Soubrane C, Reed MD. Controlled clinical trial of zolpidem for the treatment of insomnia associated with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children 6 to 17 years of age. Pediatrics2009;123:e770-e776.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Sabatine MS, Antman EM, Widimsky P, Ebrahim IO, Kiss RG, Saaiman A, et al. Otamixaban for the treatment of patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndromes (SEPIA-ACS1 TIMI 42): a randomised, double-blind, active-controlled, phase 2 trial. Lancet2009;374:787-95.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Grant AM, Altman DG, Babiker AB, Campbell MK, Clemens FJ, Darbyshire JH, et al. Issues in data monitoring and interim analysis of trials. Health Technol Assess2005;9:1-iv.OpenUrlPubMed↵Gallo P, Krams M. PhRMA Working Group on adaptive designs, “White Paper.” Drug Information Journal2006;40:421-82.OpenUrlWeb of Science↵Brown CH, Ten Have TR, Jo B, Dagne G, Wyman PA, Muthen B, et al. Adaptive designs for randomized trials in public health. Annu Rev Public Health2009;30:1-25.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Kelly PJ, Sooriyarachchi MR, Stallard N, Todd S. A practical comparison of group-sequential and adaptive designs. J Biopharm Stat2005;15:719-38.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Pildal J, Chan AW, Hróbjartsson A, Forfang E, Altman DG, Gøtzsche PC. Comparison of descriptions of allocation concealment in trial protocols and the published reports: cohort study. BMJ2005;330:1049.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Chan AW, Hróbjartsson A, Jørgensen KJ, Gøtzsche PC, Altman DG. Discrepancies in sample size calculations and data analyses reported in randomised trials: comparison of publications with protocols. BMJ2008;337:a2299.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Ndekha MJ, van Oosterhout JJ, Zijlstra EE, Manary M, Saloojee H, Manary MJ. Supplementary feeding with either ready-to-use fortified spread or corn-soy blend in wasted adults starting antiretroviral therapy in Malawi: randomised, investigator blinded, controlled trial. BMJ2009;338:1867-75.OpenUrlCrossRef↵Rothwell PM. External validity of randomised controlled trials: “to whom do the results of this trial apply?” Lancet2005;365:82-93.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Fuks A, Weijer C, Freedman B, Shapiro S, Skrutkowska M, Riaz A. A study in contrasts: eligibility criteria in a twenty-year sample of NSABP and POG clinical trials. National Surgical Adjuvant Breast and Bowel Program. Pediatric Oncology Group. J Clin Epidemiol1998;51:69-79.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Shapiro SH, Weijer C, Freedman B. Reporting the study populations of clinical trials. Clear transmission or static on the line? J Clin Epidemiol2000;53:973-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Gandhi M, Ameli N, Bacchetti P, Sharp GB, French AL, Young M, et al. Eligibility criteria for HIV clinical trials and generalizability of results: the gap between published reports and study protocols. AIDS2005;19:1885-96.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Hall JC, Mills B, Nguyen H, Hall JL. Methodologic standards in surgical trials. Surgery1996;119:466-72.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Weiss NS, Koepsell TD, Psaty BM. Generalizability of the results of randomized trials. Arch Intern Med2008;168:133-5.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Devereaux PJ, Yang H, Yusuf S, Guyatt G, Leslie K, Villar JC, et al. Effects of extended-release metoprolol succinate in patients undergoing non-cardiac surgery (POISE trial): a randomised controlled trial. Lancet2008;371:1839-47.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Rannou F, Dimet J, Boutron I, Baron G, Fayad F, Macé Y, et al. Splint for base-of-thumb osteoarthritis: a randomized trial. Ann Intern Med2009;150:661-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Glasziou P, Meats E, Heneghan C, Shepperd S. What is missing from descriptions of treatment in trials and reviews? BMJ2008;336:1472-4.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Mease PJ, Goffe BS, Metz J, VanderStoep A, Finck B, Burge DJ. Etanercept in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis: a randomised trial. Lancet2000;356:385-90.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵McDowell I, Newell C. Measuring health: a guide to rating scales and questionnaires. 3rd ed. New York: Oxford University Press, 2006.↵Streiner D, Norman C. Health measurement scales: a practical guide to their development and use. 3rd ed. Oxford: Oxford University Press; 2003.↵Clarke M. Standardising outcomes for clinical trials and systematic reviews. Trials2007;8:39.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Sanders C, Egger M, Donovan J, Tallon D, Frankel S. Reporting on quality of life in randomised controlled trials: bibliographic study. BMJ1998;317:1191-4.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Gøtzsche PC. Methodology and overt and hidden bias in reports of 196 double-blind trials of nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs in rheumatoid arthritis. Control Clin Trials1989;10:31-56.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Marshall M, Lockwood A, Bradley C, Adams C, Joy C, Fenton M. Unpublished rating scales: a major source of bias in randomised controlled trials of treatments for schizophrenia. Br J Psychiatry2000;176:249-52.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Jadad AR, Boyle M, Cunnigham C, Kim M, Schachar R. Treatment of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder. Evidence Report/Technology Assessment No. 11. Rockville, MD: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Public Health Service, Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. AHQR publication no. 00-E005; 1999.↵Schachter HM, Pham B, King J, Langford S, Moher D. The efficacy and safety of methylphenidate in attention deficit disorder: A systematic review and meta-analyis. Prepared for the Therapeutics Initiative, Vancouver, B.C., and the British Columbia Ministry for Children and Families, 2000.↵Dargie HJ. Effect of carvedilol on outcome after myocardial infarction in patients with left-ventricular dysfunction: the CAPRICORN randomised trial. Lancet2001;357:1385-90.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Chan AW, Krleza-Jeric K, Schmid I, Altman DG. Outcome reporting bias in randomized trials funded by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research. CMAJ2004;171:735-40.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Vermeulen H, Hofland J, Legemate DA, Ubbink DT. Intravenous fluid restriction after major abdominal surgery: a randomized blinded clinical trial. Trials2009;10:50.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Fox K, Ford I, Steg PG, Tendera M, Ferrari R. Ivabradine for patients with stable coronary artery disease and left-ventricular systolic dysfunction (BEAUTIFUL): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Lancet2008;372:807-16.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Campbell MJ, Julious SA, Altman DG. Estimating sample sizes for binary, ordered categorical, and continuous outcomes in two group comparisons. BMJ1995;311:1145-8.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Guyatt GH, Mills EJ, Elbourne D. In the era of systematic reviews, does the size of an individual trial still matter. PLoS Med2008;5:e4.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Schulz KF, Grimes DA. Sample size calculations in randomised trials: mandatory and mystical. Lancet2005;365:1348-53.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Halpern SD, Karlawish JH, Berlin JA. The continuing unethical conduct of underpowered clinical trials. JAMA2002;288:358-62.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Altman DG, Bland JM. Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. BMJ1995;311:485.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Moher D, Dulberg CS, Wells GA. Statistical power, sample size, and their reporting in randomized controlled trials. JAMA1994;272:122-4.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Freiman JA, Chalmers TC, Smith H Jr, Kuebler RR. The importance of beta, the type II error and sample size in the design and interpretation of the randomized control trial. Survey of 71 “negative” trials. N Engl J Med1978;299:690-4.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Charles P, Giraudeau B, Dechartres A, Baron G, Ravaud P. Reporting of sample size calculation in randomised controlled trials: review. BMJ2009;338:b1732.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Yusuf S, Collins R, Peto R. Why do we need some large, simple randomized trials? Stat Med1984;3:409-22.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Goodman SN, Berlin JA. The use of predicted confidence intervals when planning experiments and the misuse of power when interpreting results. Ann Intern Med1994;121:200-6.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Galgiani JN, Catanzaro A, Cloud GA, Johnson RH, Williams PL, Mirels LF, et al. Comparison of oral fluconazole and itraconazole for progressive, nonmeningeal coccidioidomycosis. A randomized, double-blind trial. Mycoses Study Group. Ann Intern Med2000;133:676-86.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Connolly SJ, Pogue J, Hart RG, Hohnloser SH, Pfeffer M, Chrolavicius S, et al. Effect of clopidogrel added to aspirin in patients with atrial fibrillation. N Engl J Med2009;360:2066-78.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Geller NL, Pocock SJ. Interim analyses in randomized clinical trials: ramifications and guidelines for practitioners. Biometrics1987;43:213-23.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Berry DA. Interim analyses in clinical trials: classical vs. Bayesian approaches. Stat Med1985;4:521-6.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Pocock SJ. When to stop a clinical trial. BMJ1992;305:235-40.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵DeMets DL, Pocock SJ, Julian DG. The agonising negative trend in monitoring of clinical trials. Lancet1999;354:1983-8.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Buyse M. Interim analyses, stopping rules and data monitoring in clinical trials in Europe. Stat Med1993;12:509-20.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Sydes MR, Altman DG, Babiker AB, Parmar MK, Spiegelhalter DJ. Reported use of data monitoring committees in the main published reports of randomized controlled trials: a cross-sectional study. Clin Trials2004;1:48-59.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Montori VM, Devereaux PJ, Adhikari NK, Burns KE, Eggert CH, Briel M, et al. Randomized trials stopped early for benefit: a systematic review. JAMA2005;294:2203-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Coutinho IC, Ramos de Amorim MM, Katz L, Bandeira de Ferraz AA. Uterine exteriorization compared with in situ repair at cesarean delivery: a randomized controlled trial. Obstet Gynecol2008;111:639-47.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Jüni P, Altman DG, Egger M. Assessing the quality of controlled clinical trials. In: Egger M, Davey Smith G, Altman DG, eds. Systematic reviews in health care: meta-analysis in context. BMJ Books, 2001.↵Creinin MD, Meyn LA, Borgatta L, Barnhart K, Jensen J, Burke AE, et al. Multicenter comparison of the contraceptive ring and patch: a randomized controlled trial. Obstet Gynecol2008;111:267-77.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Tate DF, Jackvony EH, Wing RR. Effects of internet behavioral counseling on weight loss in adults at risk for type 2 diabetes: a randomized trial. JAMA2003;289:1833-6.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Lachin JM. Properties of simple randomization in clinical trials. Control Clin Trials1988;9:312-26.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Peto R, Pike MC, Armitage P, Breslow NE, Cox DR, Howard SV, et al. Design and analysis of randomized clinical trials requiring prolonged observation of each patient. I. Introduction and design. Br J Cancer1976;34:585-612.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Schulz KF, Grimes DA. The Lancet handbook of essential concepts in clinical research. Elsevier, 2006.↵Altman DG, Bland JM. How to randomise. BMJ1999;319:703-4.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Schulz KF. Subverting randomization in controlled trials. JAMA1995;274:1456-8.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Enas GG, Enas NH, Spradlin CT, Wilson MG, Wiltse CG. Baseline comparability in clinical trials: prevention of poststudy anxiety. Drug Information Journal1990;24:541-8.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Treasure T, MacRae KD. Minimisation: the platinum standard for trials? Randomisation doesn’t guarantee similarity of groups; minimisation does. BMJ1998;317:362-3.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Sinei SK, Schulz KF, Lamptey PR, Grimes DA, Mati JK, Rosenthal SM, et al. Preventing IUCD-related pelvic infection: the efficacy of prophylactic doxycycline at insertion. Br J Obstet Gynaecol1990;97:412-9.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Radford JA, Landorf KB, Buchbinder R, Cook C. Effectiveness of low-Dye taping for the short-term treatment of plantar heel pain: a randomised trial. BMC Musculoskelet Disord2006;7:64.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Chalmers TC, Levin H, Sacks HS, Reitman D, Berrier J, Nagalingam R. Meta-analysis of clinical trials as a scientific discipline. I: Control of bias and comparison with large co-operative trials. Stat Med1987;6:315-28.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Pocock SJ. Statistical aspects of clinical trial design. Statistician1982;31:1-18.OpenUrlCrossRefWeb of Science↵Haag U. Technologies for automating randomized treatment assignment in clinical trials. Drug Information Journal1998;32:11.OpenUrlWeb of Science↵Piaggio G, Elbourne D, Schulz KF, Villar J, Pinol AP, Gülmezoglu AM. The reporting of methods for reducing and detecting bias: an example from the WHO Misoprostol Third Stage of Labour equivalence randomised controlled trial. BMC Med Res Methodol2003;3:19.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Pildal J, Hróbjartsson A, Jórgensen KJ, Hilden J, Altman DG, Gøtzsche PC. Impact of allocation concealment on conclusions drawn from meta-analyses of randomized trials. Int J Epidemiol2007;36:847-57.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Wood L, Egger M, Gluud LL, Schulz KF, Jüni P, Altman DG, et al. Empirical evidence of bias in treatment effect estimates in controlled trials with different interventions and outcomes: meta-epidemiological study. BMJ2008;336:601-5.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵McCandlish R, Bowler U, van Asten H, Berridge G, Winter C, Sames L, et al. A randomised controlled trial of care of the perineum during second stage of normal labour. Br J Obstet Gynaecol1998;105:1262-72.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Webster J, Clarke S, Paterson D, Hutton A, van Dyk S, Gale C, et al. Routine care of peripheral intravenous catheters versus clinically indicated replacement: randomised controlled trial. BMJ2008;337:a339.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Smith SA, Shah ND, Bryant SC, Christianson TJ, Bjornsen SS, Giesler PD, et al. Chronic care model and shared care in diabetes: randomized trial of an electronic decision support system. Mayo Clin Proc2008;83:747-57.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Sacks FM, Bray GA, Carey VJ, Smith SR, Ryan DH, Anton SD, et al. Comparison of weight-loss diets with different compositions of fat, protein, and carbohydrates. N Engl J Med2009;360:859-73.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Kaptchuk TJ. Intentional ignorance: a history of blind assessment and placebo controls in medicine. Bull Hist Med1998;72:389-433.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Guyatt GH, Pugsley SO, Sullivan MJ, Thompson PJ, Berman L, Jones NL, et al. Effect of encouragement on walking test performance. Thorax1984;39:818-22.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Gøtzsche PC. Blinding during data analysis and writing of manuscripts. Control Clin Trials1996;17:285-90.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Karlowski TR, Chalmers TC, Frenkel LD, Kapikian AZ, Lewis TL, Lynch JM. Ascorbic acid for the common cold. A prophylactic and therapeutic trial. JAMA1975;231:1038-42.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Noseworthy JH, Ebers GC, Vandervoort MK, Farquhar RE, Yetisir E, Roberts R. The impact of blinding on the results of a randomized, placebo-controlled multiple sclerosis clinical trial. Neurology1994;44:16-20.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Carley SD, Libetta C, Flavin B, Butler J, Tong N, Sammy I. An open prospective randomised trial to reduce the pain of blood glucose testing: ear versus thumb. BMJ2000;321:20.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Schulz KF, Chalmers I, Altman DG. The landscape and lexicon of blinding in randomized trials. Ann Intern Med2002;136:254-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Day SJ, Altman DG. Statistics notes: blinding in clinical trials and other studies. BMJ2000;321:504.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Montori VM, Bhandari M, Devereaux PJ, Manns BJ, Ghali WA, Guyatt GH. In the dark: the reporting of blinding status in randomized controlled trials. J Clin Epidemiol2002;55:787-90.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Cheng K, Smyth RL, Motley J, O’Hea U, Ashby D. Randomized controlled trials in cystic fibrosis (1966-1997) categorized by time, design, and intervention. Pediatr Pulmonol2000;29:1-7.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Lang T. Masking or blinding? An unscientific survey of mostly medical journal editors on the great debate. Med Gen Med2000;2:E25.OpenUrl↵Devereaux PJ, Manns BJ, Ghali WA, Quan H, Lacchetti C, Montori VM, et al. Physician interpretations and textbook definitions of blinding terminology in randomized controlled trials. JAMA2001;285:2000-3.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Haahr MT, Hróbjartsson A. Who is blinded in randomized clinical trials? A study of 200 trials and a survey of authors. Clin Trials2006;3:360-5.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Meinert CL. Masked monitoring in clinical trials—blind stupidity? N Engl J Med1998;338:1381-2.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Mills E, Prousky J, Raskin G, Gagnier J, Rachlis B, Montori VM, et al. The safety of over-the-counter niacin. A randomized placebo-controlled trial  [ISRCTN18054903] . BMC Clin Pharmacol2003;3:4.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Schulz KF, Grimes DA, Altman DG, Hayes RJ. Blinding and exclusions after allocation in randomised controlled trials: survey of published parallel group trials in obstetrics and gynaecology. BMJ1996;312:742-4.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Fergusson D, Glass KC, Waring D, Shapiro S. Turning a blind eye: the success of blinding reported in a random sample of randomised, placebo controlled trials. BMJ2004;328:432.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Sackett DL. Turning a blind eye: why we don’t test for blindness at the end of our trials. BMJ2004;328:1136.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Astrup A, Rössner S, Van Gaal L, Rissanen A, Niskanen L, Al HM, et al. Effects of liraglutide in the treatment of obesity: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Lancet2009;374:1606-16.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Altman DG, Gore SM, Gardner MJ, Pocock SJ. Statistical guidelines for contributors to medical journals. In: Altman DG, Machin D, Bryant TN, Gardner MJ, eds. Statistics with confidence: confidence intervals and statistical guidelines. 2nd ed. BMJ Books, 2000:171-90.↵Altman DG, Bland JM. Statistics notes. Units of analysis. BMJ1997;314:1874.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Bolton S. Independence and statistical inference in clinical trial designs: a tutorial review. J Clin Pharmacol1998;38:408-12.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Greenland S. Principles of multilevel modelling. Int J Epidemiol2000;29:158-67.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Albert CM, Cook NR, Gaziano JM, Zaharris E, MacFadyen J, Danielson E, et al. Effect of folic acid and B vitamins on risk of cardiovascular events and total mortality among women at high risk for cardiovascular disease: a randomized trial. JAMA2008;299:2027-36.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Matthews JN, Altman DG. Interaction 3: How to examine heterogeneity. BMJ1996;313:862.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Assmann SF, Pocock SJ, Enos LE, Kasten LE. Subgroup analysis and other (mis)uses of baseline data in clinical trials. Lancet2000;355:1064-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Matthews JN, Altman DG. Statistics notes. Interaction 2: Compare effect sizes not P values. BMJ1996;313:808.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Oxman AD, Guyatt GH. A consumer’s guide to subgroup analyses. Ann Intern Med1992;116:78-84.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Steyerberg EW, Bossuyt PM, Lee KL. Clinical trials in acute myocardial infarction: should we adjust for baseline characteristics? Am Heart J2000;139:745-51.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Altman DG. Adjustment for covariate imbalance. In: Armitage P, Colton T, eds. Encyclopedia of biostatistics. John Wiley, 1998:1000-5.↵Mullner M, Matthews H, Altman DG. Reporting on statistical methods to adjust for confounding: a cross-sectional survey. Ann Intern Med2002;136:122-6.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Concato J, Feinstein AR, Holford TR. The risk of determining risk with multivariable models. Ann Intern Med1993;118:201-10.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Bender R, Grouven U. Logistic regression models used in medical research are poorly presented. BMJ1996;313:628.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Khan KS, Chien PF, Dwarakanath LS. Logistic regression models in obstetrics and gynecology literature. Obstet Gynecol1999;93:1014-20.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Sackett DL, Gent M. Controversy in counting and attributing events in clinical trials. N Engl J Med1979;301:1410-2.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵May GS, DeMets DL, Friedman LM, Furberg C, Passamani E. The randomized clinical trial: bias in analysis. Circulation1981;64:669-73.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Altman DG, Cuzick J, Peto J. More on zidovudine in asymptomatic HIV infection. N Engl J Med1994;330:1758-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Meinert CL. Beyond CONSORT: need for improved reporting standards for clinical trials. Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials. JAMA1998;279:1487-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Grant AM, Wileman SM, Ramsay CR, Mowat NA, Krukowski ZH, Heading RC, et al. Minimal access surgery compared with medical management for chronic gastro-oesophageal reflux disease: UK collaborative randomised trial. BMJ2008;337:a2664.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵van Loon AJ, Mantingh A, Serlier EK, Kroon G, Mooyaart EL, Huisjes HJ. Randomised controlled trial of magnetic-resonance pelvimetry in breech presentation at term. Lancet1997;350:1799-804.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Brown MJ, Palmer CR, Castaigne A, de Leeuw PW, Mancia G, Rosenthal T, et al. Morbidity and mortality in patients randomised to double-blind treatment with a long-acting calcium-channel blocker or diuretic in the International Nifedipine GITS study: Intervention as a Goal in Hypertension Treatment (INSIGHT). Lancet2000;356:366-72.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵LaCroix AZ, Ott SM, Ichikawa L, Scholes D, Barlow WE. Low-dose hydrochlorothiazide and preservation of bone mineral density in older adults. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Ann Intern Med2000;133:516-26.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Shuster JJ. Median follow-up in clinical trials. J Clin Oncol1991;9:191-2.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Altman DG, de Stavola BL, Love SB, Stepniewska KA. Review of survival analyses published in cancer journals. Br J Cancer1995;72:511-8.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Auvert B, Taljaard D, Lagarde E, Sobngwi-Tambekou J, Sitta R, Puren A. Randomized, controlled intervention trial of male circumcision for reduction of HIV infection risk: the ANRS 1265 Trial. PLoS Med2005;2:e298.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Diggle L, Deeks J. Effect of needle length on incidence of local reactions to routine immunisation in infants aged 4 months: randomised controlled trial. BMJ2000;321:931-3.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Pocock S, White I. Trials stopped early: too good to be true? Lancet1999;353:943-4.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Hughes MD, Pocock SJ. Stopping rules and estimation problems in clinical trials. Stat Med1988;7:1231-42.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Kiri A, Tonascia S, Meinert CL. Treatment effects monitoring committees and early stopping in large clinical trials. Clin Trials2004;1:40-7.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Psaty BM, Rennie D. Stopping medical research to save money: a broken pact with researchers and patients. JAMA2003;289:2128-31.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Temple R. FDA perspective on trials with interim efficacy evaluations. Stat Med2006;25:3245-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of ScienceYusuf S, Teo K, Anderson C, Pogue J, Dyal L, Copland I, et al. Effects of the angiotensin-receptor blocker telmisartan on cardiovascular events in high-risk patients intolerant to angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors: a randomised controlled trial. Lancet2008;372:1174-83.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Senn S. Base logic: tests of baseline balance in randomized clinical trials. Clin Res Regulatory Affairs1995;12:171-82.OpenUrlCrossRef↵Altman DG. Comparability of randomised groups. Statistician1985;34:125-36.OpenUrlCrossRefWeb of Science↵Heit JA, Elliott CG, Trowbridge AA, Morrey BF, Gent M, Hirsh J. Ardeparin sodium for extended out-of-hospital prophylaxis against venous thromboembolism after total hip or knee replacement. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Ann Intern Med2000;132:853-61.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Haderslev KV, Tjellesen L, Sorensen HA, Staun M. Alendronate increases lumbar spine bone mineral density in patients with Crohn’s disease. Gastroenterology2000;119:639-46.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Fields WS, Maslenikov V, Meyer JS, Hass WK, Remington RD, Macdonald M. Joint study of extracranial arterial occlusion. V. Progress report of prognosis following surgery or nonsurgical treatment for transient cerebral ischemic attacks and cervical carotid artery lesions. JAMA1970;211:1993-2003.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Lee YJ, Ellenberg JH, Hirtz DG, Nelson KB. Analysis of clinical trials by treatment actually received: is it really an option? Stat Med1991;10:1595-605.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Lewis JA, Machin D. Intention to treat—who should use ITT? Br J Cancer1993;68:647-50.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Lachin JL. Statistical considerations in the intent-to-treat principle. Control Clin Trials2000;21:526.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Sheiner LB, Rubin DB. Intention-to-treat analysis and the goals of clinical trials. Clin Pharmacol Ther1995;57:6-15.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Nagelkerke N, Fidler V, Bernsen R, Borgdorff M. Estimating treatment effects in randomized clinical trials in the presence of non-compliance. Stat Med2000;19:1849-64.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Melander H, Ahlqvist-Rastad J, Meijer G, Beermann B. Evidence b(i)ased medicine--selective reporting from studies sponsored by pharmaceutical industry: review of studies in new drug applications. BMJ2003;326:1171-3.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Gravel J, Opatrny L, Shapiro S. The intention-to-treat approach in randomized controlled trials: are authors saying what they do and doing what they say? Clin Trials2007;4:350-6.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Kruse RL, Alper BS, Reust C, Stevermer JJ, Shannon S, Williams RH. Intention-to-treat analysis: who is in? Who is out? J Fam Pract2002;51:969-71.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Herman A, Botser IB, Tenenbaum S, Chechick A. Intention-to-treat analysis and accounting for missing data in orthopaedic randomized clinical trials. J Bone Joint Surg Am2009;91:2137-43.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Ruiz-Canela M, Martinez-González MA, de Irala-Estévez J. Intention to treat analysis is related to methodological quality. BMJ2000;320:1007-8.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Altman DG. Missing outcomes in randomised trials: addressing the dilemma. Open Med2009;3:e21-3.OpenUrl↵Wood AM, White IR, Thompson SG. Are missing outcome data adequately handled? A review of published randomized controlled trials in major medical journals. Clin Trials2004;1:368-76.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Streiner DL. Missing data and the trouble with LOCF. Evid Based Ment Health2008;11:3-5.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Molnar FJ, Hutton B, Fergusson D. Does analysis using “last observation carried forward” introduce bias in dementia research? CMAJ2008;179:751-3.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Ware JH. Interpreting incomplete data in studies of diet and weight loss. N Engl J Med2003;348:2136-7.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Streiner DL. The case of the missing data: methods of dealing with dropouts and other research vagaries. Can J Psychiatry2002;47:68-75.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Lane P. Handling drop-out in longitudinal clinical trials: a comparison of the LOCF and MMRM approaches. Pharm Stat2008;7:93-106.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Abraha I, Montedori A, Romagnoli C. Modified intention to treat: frequency, definition and implication for clinical trials [abstract]. Sao Paulo, Brazil: XV Cochrane Colloquium, 2007: 86-7.↵Altman DG. Confidence intervals in practice. In: Altman DG, Machin D, Bryant TN, Gardner MJ, eds. Statistics with confidence. 2nd ed. BMJ Books, 2000:6-14.van Linschoten R, van Middelkoop M, Berger MY, Heintjes EM, Verhaar JA, Willemsen SP, et al. Supervised exercise therapy versus usual care for patellofemoral pain syndrome: an open label randomised controlled trial. BMJ2009;339:b4074.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Altman DG. Clinical trials and meta-analyses. In: Altman DG, Machin D, Bryant TN, Gardner MJ, eds. Statistics with confidence. 2nd ed. BMJ Books, 2000:120-38.↵Uniform requirements for manuscripts submitted to biomedical journals. International Committee of Medical Journal Editors. Ann Intern Med1997;126:36-47.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Gardner MJ, Altman DG. Confidence intervals rather than P values: estimation rather than hypothesis testing. BMJ 1986;292:746-50.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Bailar JC, III, Mosteller F. Guidelines for statistical reporting in articles for medical journals. Amplifications and explanations. Ann Intern Med1988;108:266-73.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Bland JM. Quoting intermediate analyses can only mislead. BMJ1997;314:1907-8.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Cook RJ, Sackett DL. The number needed to treat: a clinically useful measure of treatment effect. BMJ1995;310:452-4.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Altman DG, Andersen PK. Calculating the number needed to treat for trials where the outcome is time to an event. BMJ1999;319:1492-5.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵The OSIRIS Collaborative Group. Early versus delayed neonatal administration of a synthetic surfactant—the judgment of OSIRIS (open study of infants at high risk of or with respiratory insufficiency—the role of surfactant). Lancet1992;340:1363-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Sorensen L, Gyrd-Hansen D, Kristiansen IS, Nexøe J, Nielsen JB. Laypersons’ understanding of relative risk reductions: randomised cross-sectional study. BMC Med Inform Decis Mak2008;8:31.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Bobbio M, Demichelis B, Giustetto G. Completeness of reporting trial results: effect on physicians’ willingness to prescribe. Lancet1994;343:1209-11.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Naylor CD, Chen E, Strauss B. Measured enthusiasm: does the method of reporting trial results alter perceptions of therapeutic effectiveness? Ann Intern Med1992;117:916-21.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Tukey JW. Some thoughts on clinical trials, especially problems of multiplicity. Science1977;198:679-84.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Yusuf S, Wittes J, Probstfield J, Tyroler HA. Analysis and interpretation of treatment effects in subgroups of patients in randomized clinical trials. JAMA1991;266:93-8.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Hahn S, Williamson PR, Hutton JL, Garner P, Flynn EV. Assessing the potential for bias in meta-analysis due to selective reporting of subgroup analyses within studies. Stat Med2000;19:3325-36.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Bhandari M, Devereaux PJ, Li P, Mah D, Lim K, Schünemann HJ, et al. Misuse of baseline comparison tests and subgroup analyses in surgical trials. Clin Orthop Relat Res2006;447:247-51.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Levin M, Quint PA, Goldstein B, Barton P, Bradley JS, Shemie SD, et al. Recombinant bactericidal/permeability-increasing protein (rBPI21) as adjunctive treatment for children with severe meningococcal sepsis: a randomised trial. rBPI21 Meningococcal Sepsis Study Group. Lancet2000;356:961-7.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Scharf O, Colevas AD. Adverse event reporting in publications compared with sponsor database for cancer clinical trials. J Clin Oncol2006;24:3933-8.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Pitrou I, Boutron I, Ahmad N, Ravaud P. Reporting of safety results in published reports of randomized controlled trials. Arch Intern Med2009;169:1756-61.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Boden WE, O’Rourke RA, Teo KK, Hartigan PM, Maron DJ, Kostuk WJ, et al. Optimal medical therapy with or without PCI for stable coronary disease. N Engl J Med2007;356:1503-16.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Horton R. The rhetoric of research. BMJ1995;310:985-7.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Annals of Internal Medicine. Information for authors. Available at www.annals.org (accessed 15 Jan 2008).↵Docherty M, Smith R. The case for structuring the discussion of scientific papers. BMJ1999;318:1224-5.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Purcell GP, Donovan SL, Davidoff F. Changes to manuscripts during the editorial process: characterizing the evolution of a clinical paper. JAMA1998;280:227-8.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Ioannidis JP. Limitations are not properly acknowledged in the scientific literature. J Clin Epidemiol2007;60:324-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Kiviluoto T, Sirén J, Luukkonen P, Kivilaakso E. Randomised trial of laparoscopic versus open cholecystectomy for acute and gangrenous cholecystitis. Lancet1998;351:321-5.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Hupperets MD, Verhagen EA, van Mechelen W. Effect of unsupervised home based proprioceptive training on recurrences of ankle sprain: randomised controlled trial. BMJ2009;339:b2684.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Garber J, Clarke GN, Weersing VR, Beardslee WR, Brent DA, Gladstone TR, et al. Prevention of depression in at-risk adolescents: a randomized controlled trial. JAMA2009;301:2215-24.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Campbell D. Factors relevant to the validity of experiments in social settings. Psychol Bull1957;54:297-312.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Rothwell PM. Factors that can affect the external validity of randomised controlled trials. PLoS Clin Trials2006;1:e9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵King M, Nazareth I, Lampe F, Bower P, Chandler M, Morou M, et al. Conceptual framework and systematic review of the effects of participants’ and professionals’ preferences in randomised controlled trials. Health Technol Assess2005;9:1-iv.OpenUrlPubMed↵Djulbegovic B, Lacevic M, Cantor A, Fields KK, Bennett CL, Adams JR, et al. The uncertainty principle and industry-sponsored research. Lancet2000;356:635-8.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Dans AL, Dans LF, Guyatt GH, Richardson S. Users’ guides to the medical literature: XIV. How to decide on the applicability of clinical trial results to your patient. Evidence-Based Medicine Working Group. JAMA1998;279:545-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Smith GD, Egger M. Who benefits from medical interventions? BMJ1994;308:72-4.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵McAlister FA. Applying the results of systematic reviews at the bedside. In: Egger M, Davey Smith G, Altman DG, eds. Systematic reviews in health care: meta-analysis in context. BMJ Books, 2001.↵Bartlett C, Doyal L, Ebrahim S, Davey P, Bachmann M, Egger M, et al. The causes and effects of socio-demographic exclusions from clinical trials. Health Technol Assess2005;9:iii-x, 1.OpenUrlPubMed↵Bonell C, Oakley A, Hargreaves J, Strange V, Rees R. Assessment of generalisability in trials of health interventions: suggested framework and systematic review. BMJ2006;333:346-9.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Bornhöft G, Maxion-Bergemann S, Wolf U, Kienle GS, Michalsen A, Vollmar HC, et al. Checklist for the qualitative evaluation of clinical studies with particular focus on external validity and model validity. BMC Med Res Methodol2006;6:56.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Laupacis A, Sackett DL, Roberts RS. An assessment of clinically useful measures of the consequences of treatment. N Engl J Med1988;318:1728-33.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Altman DG. Confidence intervals for the number needed to treat. BMJ1998;317:1309-12.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Fanaroff AA, Korones SB, Wright LL, Wright EC, Poland RL, Bauer CB, et al. A controlled trial of intravenous immune globulin to reduce nosocomial infections in very-low-birth-weight infants. National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Neonatal Research Network. N Engl J Med1994;330:1107-13.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Randomised trial of intravenous atenolol among 16 027 cases of suspected acute myocardial infarction: ISIS-1. First International Study of Infarct Survival Collaborative Group. Lancet1986;2:57-66.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Gøtzsche PC, Gjørup I, Bonnén H, Brahe NE, Becker U, Burcharth F. Somatostatin v placebo in bleeding oesophageal varices: randomised trial and meta-analysis. BMJ1995;310:1495-8.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Clarke M, Hopewell S, Chalmers I. Reports of clinical trials should begin and end with up-to-date systematic reviews of other relevant evidence: a status report. J R Soc Med2007;100:187-90.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Goodman SN. Toward evidence-based medical statistics. 1: The P value fallacy. Ann Intern Med1999;130:995-1004.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Gøtzsche PC. Reference bias in reports of drug trials. BMJ1987;295:654-6.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Papp K, Bissonnette R, Rosoph L, Wasel N, Lynde CW, Searles G, et al. Efficacy of ISA247 in plaque psoriasis: a randomised, multicentre, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase III study. Lancet2008;371:1337-42.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Dickersin K. How important is publication bias? A synthesis of available data. AIDS Educ Prev1997;9:15-21.OpenUrlPubMedWeb of Science↵Song F, Eastwood AJ, Gilbody S, Duley L, Sutton AJ. Publication and related biases. Health Technol Assess2000;4:1-115.OpenUrlPubMed↵Williamson PR, Gamble C. Identification and impact of outcome selection bias in meta-analysis. Stat Med2005;24:1547-61.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Tramèr MR, Reynolds DJ, Moore RA, McQuay HJ. Impact of covert duplicate publication on meta-analysis: a case study. BMJ1997;315:635-40.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Simes RJ. Publication bias: the case for an international registry of clinical trials. J Clin Oncol1986;4:1529-41.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Chalmers I. From optimism to disillusion about commitment to transparency in the medico-industrial complex. J R Soc Med2006;99:337-41.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Tonks A. A clinical trials register for Europe. BMJ2002;325:1314-5.OpenUrlFREE Full Text↵Dickersin K, Rennie D. Registering clinical trials. JAMA2003;290:516-23.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Whittington CJ, Kendall T, Fonagy P, Cottrell D, Cotgrove A, Boddington E. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in childhood depression: systematic review of published versus unpublished data. Lancet2004;363:1341-5.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵De Angelis CD, Drazen JM, Frizelle FA, Haug C, Hoey J, Horton R, et al. Is this clinical trial fully registered? A statement from the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors. Lancet2005;365:1827-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Zarin DA, Ide NC, Tse T, Harlan WR, West JC, Lindberg DA. Issues in the registration of clinical trials. JAMA2007;297:2112-20.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Hopewell S, Altman DG, Moher D, Schulz KF. Endorsement of the CONSORT Statement by high impact factor medical journals: a survey of journal editors and journal ‘instructions to authors’. Trials2008;9:20.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Russell JA, Walley KR, Singer J, Gordon AC, Hébert PC, Cooper DJ, et al. Vasopressin versus norepinephrine infusion in patients with septic shock. N Engl J Med2008;358:877-87.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Chan AW, Tetzlaff J, Altman D, Gøtzsche PC, Hróbjartsson A, Krleza-Jeric K, et al. The SPIRIT initiative: defining standard protocol items for randomised trials. Oral presentation at the 16th Cochrane Colloquium: Evidence in the era of globalisation; 2008 Oct 3-7; Freiburg, Germany [abstract]. Zeitschrift fur Evidenz, Fortbildung und Qualitat im Gesundheitswesen2008;102:27.OpenUrl↵Gregson S, Adamson S, Papaya S, Mundondo J, Nyamukapa CA, Mason PR, et al. Impact and process evaluation of integrated community and clinic-based HIV-1 control: a cluster-randomised trial in eastern Zimbabwe. PLoS Med2007;4:e102.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Shaddy RE, Boucek MM, Hsu DT, Boucek RJ, Canter CE, Mahony L, et al. Carvedilol for children and adolescents with heart failure: a randomized controlled trial. JAMA2007;298:1171-9.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Lexchin J, Bero LA, Djulbegovic B, Clark O. Pharmaceutical industry sponsorship and research outcome and quality: systematic review. BMJ2003;326:1167-70.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Kjaergard LL, Als-Nielsen B. Association between competing interests and authors’ conclusions: epidemiological study of randomised clinical trials published in the BMJ. BMJ2002;325:249.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Bero L, Oostvogel F, Bacchetti P, Lee K. Factors associated with findings of published trials of drug-drug comparisons: why some statins appear more efficacious than others. PLoS Med2007;4:e184.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMed↵Sismondo S. Pharmaceutical company funding and its consequences: a qualitative systematic review. Contemp Clin Trials2008;29:109-13.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Als-Nielsen B, Chen W, Gluud C, Kjaergard LL. Association of funding and conclusions in randomized drug trials: a reflection of treatment effect or adverse events? JAMA2003;290:921-8.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Ross JS, Hill KP, Egilman DS, Krumholz HM. Guest authorship and ghostwriting in publications related to rofecoxib: a case study of industry documents from rofecoxib litigation. JAMA2008;299:1800-12.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵McAlister FA, Straus SE, Sackett DL, Altman DG. Analysis and reporting of factorial trials: a systematic review. JAMA2003;289:2545-53.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Senn S. Crossover trials in clinical research. 2nd ed. Wiley, 2002.↵Deeks JJ, Dinnes J, D’Amico R, Sowden AJ, Sakarovitch C, Song F, et al. Evaluating non-randomised intervention studies. Health Technol Assess2003;7:iii-173.OpenUrlPubMed↵Kunz R, Vist G, Oxman AD. Randomisation to protect against selection bias in healthcare trials. Cochrane Database Syst Rev2007;MR000012.↵Collins R, MacMahon S. Reliable assessment of the effects of treatment on mortality and major morbidity, I: clinical trials. Lancet2001;357:373-80.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Schulz KF. Randomised trials, human nature, and reporting guidelines. Lancet1996;348:596-8.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Murray GD. Promoting good research practice. Stat Methods Med Res2000;9:17-24.OpenUrlAbstract/FREE Full Text↵Narahari SR, Ryan TJ, Aggithaya MG, Bose KS, Prasanna KS. Evidence-based approaches for the Ayurvedic traditional herbal formulations: toward an Ayurvedic CONSORT model. J Altern Complement Med2008;14:769-76.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Bossuyt PM, Reitsma JB, Bruns DE, Gatsonis CA, Glasziou PP, Irwig LM, et al. Towards complete and accurate reporting of studies of diagnostic accuracy: The STARD Initiative. Ann Intern Med2003;138:40-4.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵von Elm E, Altman DG, Egger M, Pocock SJ, Gøtzsche PC, Vandenbroucke JP. The Strengthening the Reporting of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (STROBE) statement: guidelines for reporting observational studies. Ann Intern Med2007;147:573-7.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of Science↵Tonino PA, De Bruyne B, Pijls NH, Siebert U, Ikeno F, van’t Veer M, et al. Fractional flow reserve versus angiography for guiding percutaneous coronary intervention. N Engl J Med2009;360:213-24.OpenUrlCrossRefPubMedWeb of ScienceView Abstract 




 



 







Tweet Widget
Facebook Like
Google Plus One
 


Article tools

PDF4 responses 







Respond to this article





Print 




Alerts & updatesArticle alertsPlease note: your email address is provided to the journal, which may use this information for marketing purposes.



Log in or register:





Username *



Password *




 



Register for alerts
 If you have registered for alerts, you should use your registered email address as your username




 




Citation toolsDownload this article to citation manager






Moher David, Hopewell Sally, Schulz Kenneth F, Montori Victor, Gøtzsche Peter C, Devereaux P J et al. 
CONSORT 2010 Explanation and Elaboration: updated guidelines for reporting parallel group randomised trials
BMJ  2010;  340 :c869 

 


BibTeX (win & mac)Download
EndNote (tagged)Download
EndNote 8 (xml)Download
RefWorks Tagged (win & mac)Download
RIS (win only)Download
MedlarsDownload
 





Help




If you are unable to import citations, please contact
  technical support for your product directly (links go to external sites):

EndNote
ProCite
Reference
    Manager
RefWorks
Zotero

 





 




Request permissions 













Author citationArticles by David Moher
Articles by Sally Hopewell
Articles by Kenneth F Schulz
Articles by Victor Montori
Articles by Peter C Gøtzsche
Articles by P J Devereaux
Articles by Diana Elbourne
Articles by Matthias Egger
Articles by Douglas G Altman
Add article to BMJ Portfolio
 



Email to a friendForward this page




Thank you for your interest in spreading the word about The BMJ.NOTE: We only request your email address so that the person you are recommending the page to knows that you wanted them to see it, and that it is not junk mail. We do not capture any email address.


Username *



Your Email *



Send To *



You are going to email the following 
CONSORT 2010 Explanation and Elaboration: updated guidelines for reporting parallel group randomised trials


Your Personal Message 







 



 






Topics

Quantitative research
Clinical trials (epidemiology)
Internet
 





 









 








 





 




This week's poll







Read related article
See previous polls







UK jobs
International jobs
 








HealthStaff Recruitment: General Practitioner jobs in Melbourne 

Synergy Medical: Locum Consultant Anaesthetist 

Kovai Medical Centre &amp; Hospital Ltd: Consultants in Various Specialties 

Kovai Medical Centre &amp; Hospital Ltd: Consultants in Various Specialties 

Wavelength: Increase your earnings in private practice and get the work/life balance you deserve in Australia 

View more





 






 

 Back to top 






 







 


 
 




























Consort - Welcome to the CONSORT Website

















































Sign In 
 




















































Welcome to the CONSORT Website

CONSORT stands for Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials and encompasses various initiatives developed by the CONSORT Group to alleviate the problems arising from inadequate reporting of randomized controlled trials. 
The CONSORT Statement
The main product of CONSORT is the CONSORT Statement, which is an evidence-based, minimum set of recommendations for reporting randomized trials. It offers a standard way for authors to prepare reports of trial findings, facilitating their complete and transparent reporting, and aiding their critical appraisal and interpretation. 
The CONSORT Statement comprises a 25-item checklist and a flow diagram. The checklist items focus on reporting how the trial was designed, analyzed, and interpreted; the flow diagram displays the progress of all participants through the trial. The CONSORT “Explanation and Elaboration” document explains and illustrates the principles underlying the CONSORT Statement. We strongly recommend that it is used in conjunction with the CONSORT Statement. In addition, extensions of the CONSORT Statement have been developed to give additional guidance for RCTs with specific designs, data and interventions.
Endorsement of the CONSORT Statement
The CONSORT Statement is endorsed by prominent general medical journals, many specialty medical journals, and leading editorial organizations. CONSORT is part of a broader effort, to improve the reporting of different types of health research, and indeed, to improve the quality of research used in decision-making in healthcare.
This website contains the current definitive version of the CONSORT 2010 Statement and up-to-date information on extensions.





 







CONSORT 2010 Key Documents




CONSORT 2010 Checklist



CONSORT 2010 Flow Diagram



CONSORT 2010 Statement



CONSORT 2010 Explanation
			and Elaboration Document
















Funders
Financial support for the CONSORT group is provided in part through the generosity of the following partner organizations:
 

















