

Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. - S-Link 5.8G Frequency Spreading Equipment,M-Link Digital Microwave Equipment,Air Card 775 Edge,HDPE Silicon Core Duct,




















TradeAtChina.com Home page | Join Free |   China trade start here!

Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd.





Home
Product
TradeLead
About US
Contacts
wap version
Sitemap

 






Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd.



About Us

See our Company ProfileAbout Us



Established in 1998, Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. is a hi-tech telecom company supported by the China Academy of Telecommunication Technology (CATT). It is one of the major telecom manufacturers with a largest coverage of product lines and self-owned intellectual property rights in China. In recent years, Datang has been published in the Forbes as the Best Global Small Companies in the World, and ranked 10th at the third "Zhongzheng Yashang Top 50 Listed Companies with The Largest Development Potential" in China. Up to now, Datang telecom has exported products to the North America, Africa, Europe, Middle East and Southeast Asia. R&D capability:The company boasts perfect scientific development system and has strong R&D capability. It has established 2 R&D centers in Shanghai and Beijing as well as R&D departments in various subsidiary companies. At present, 41% of our staff are R&D personnel, who play the key role in maintaining and consolidating R&D strength of the company. With such R&D strength at its back, our company has been undertaking more and more major product R&D projects. Production capability:In Xi'an, the Datang Telecom Science and Technology Industrial Park, which occupies an area of 200,000 square meters, is the largest research and production base in the Northwest China, with an annual production capability of 6,000,000 equivalent lines of switching systems, and 250,000 channels of mobile communication systems, as well as transmission systems and wireless communication systems. In December of 2001, the first production line of mobile telephone handset came into the market in the West China. In Chengdu, the optical/copper cable production base is covering an area of more than 66,000 square meters, and has an annual production capacity of 1,000,000 fiber-kilometers for optical cables, and is finally expected to reach 2 to 3 million. The trinity of Datang Telecom's Optical Fiber Cable Plant, Electrical Cable Plant and Equipment Plant will make Datang Telecom a shining star over the land of West China. In Beijing, its subsidiary of Software Company has set up an up-to-date software production and testing environment, being one of the largest software companies in the domestic telecommunication industry. Moreover, the IC card and SIM card production line of its subsidiary, Microelectronics Company has an annual production capacity of 120,000,000 cards, and its chip production capacity is at the top rank in China. Presently, we are looking forward to even greater cooperation with overseas customers based on mutual benefits. Please feel free to contact us for more details.



Product Showcase




S-Link 5.8G Frequency Spreading Equipment

Model No: S-Link 											It can be widely used to base station connection, telecom infrastructure transmission line, power network, police network, oil network and army network, emergent communication, forest, mine, anti-flood, large engineering and large meeting situations.






M-Link Digital Microwave Equipment

Model No: M-Link 											It is widely used in base station connection, telecom infrastructure transmission line, power network, police network, oil network and army network, emergent communication, forest, mine, anti-flood, large engineering and large meeting situations.






Air Card 775 Edge

Model No: 775 											The AirCard 775 wide area wireless PC card is for anywhere, anytime access to EDGE, and GSM/GPRS networks. It offers wireless access to the Internet and corporate networks at speeds up to three times faster than on GPRS networks (100-130Kbps)






HDPE Silicon Core Duct

Model No: 32/26, 34/28, 40/33, 46/38, 50/41 											With HDPE as main material, the duct is a new-style compound pipeline with lubricative silicon core resin inner wall extruded from three plastic extrusion presses and differentiable mark carved outer wall



Contact Information



Company Name:
			
Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd.
			


Contact Person:
			

				Lily



Address:
			
40 Xueyuan Road, Haidian District, Beijing City. China
			


Zip:
				
100083
				


Telephone:
			
86-10-62301267
			


Fax:
				
86-10-62301160 
				


Website:
		
			   								      http://www.datang.com/english/index.asp
				    						
												 								      http://datang.en.tradeatchina.com
				    							 		  






























   Home   
   Product  [23] 



Optical Fiber Cables
Smart Cards for Mobile
Telecommunication Coaxial Cables
Video Phones
RF Feeder Cables, Optical Fiber Cables, LAN Cables
new
Telecom Equipment
more...




   Tradlead  [44]  
   About Us   
   Contacts   
   RSS/ATOM   



Product RSS
Product ATOM
Tradelead RSS
Tradelead ATOM












Friend Company

Hangzhou Great Tang Imp & Exp Co., Ltd.
Tianjin Datang Fudi Commercial Kitchen Equipment Co., Ltd.
Xinyi Datang Food Co., Ltd.
Dandong Datang Accurate Productions Co., Ltd.
Cangzhou Datang Steel Pipe Co., Ltd.
Cangzhou Datang Rubber Co., Ltd.
Da Tang Shoes Store
Haining Datang Textile Co., Ltd.
Xian Jianyujian Trade Co., Ltd.


 





Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. About US | Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. Product List | Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. Trade List
TradeAtChina.com - china trade start here! Copyright © 2007-2011 TradeAtChina.com  Terms & Conditions

















Datang NXP Semiconductors Co.,Ltd.
















中

















 Contact Us
  Headquarter	Address: No.99, Jinggangshan Rd., Rudong Economic Development Zone, Nantong, Jiangsu Province, China	Zip：226400	Tel：+86 513-68926010 Fax：+86 513-68926999 E-Mail：info@datangnxp.com  Shanghai Office 	Address: 22F Hui Rong Bld., No. 535, CaoYang Rd., Shanghai, China	Zip: 200063 	Tel: +86 21-80163064  	Fax:+86 21-80163077  






Management
      	Current Location:   Home > About Us > Management




	Dr. Henning M. Hauenstein(CEO/GM)    •   					Dr. Henning M. Hauenstein is CEO of Datang NXP Semiconductors Corp., Ltd., the first Chinese automotive semiconductor company and joint venture between China’s Datang Telecom Technology Corp., LTD., and NXP Semiconductors with locations in China, US and Europe, focusing on worldwide leading edge automotive semiconductor solutions.				      					 				     •   					Most recently Henning Hauenstein served as Vice President Marketing & Strategy at Maxwell Technologies (since 05/2016), a global leader in energy storage and power delivery solutions for automotive, heavy transportation, renewable energy, backup power, industrial and consumer electronics applications. He is a member of the executive staff with global responsibility for Marketing and Corporate Strategy.				 					Previously, he was Vice President & General Manager Business Segment Automotive MOSFETs at Infineon Technologies (01/2015-02/2016). He reported directly to the President of Infineon Technologies Americas, and was responsible for Infineon's fastest growing Automotive MOSFET business segment with worldwide R&D, development, project-management, product & test engineering, marketing & application.				 					Prior to this, he was Vice President & General Manager of the Automotive Products Business Unit at International Rectifier (06/2004-01/2015). Dr. Hauenstein joined International Rectifier on June 28th 2004 as Program Manager for the Automotive Systems Group, leading the development of IR’s hybrid electric vehicle products and technologies. He was promoted to Vice President Automotive Marketing in December 2006 responsible for IR’s automotive business strategy, business development and strategic marketing of IR’s automotive product portfolio. In 2008 he extended his responsibilities to IR’s industrial and appliance motion IC products. After that he established and managed the Automotive Products Business Unit of International Rectifier as VP & GM.				 					Prior to joining International Rectifier Dr. Hauenstein held positions with increasing responsibilities from 1999 to 2004 in the product & technology development of the Robert Bosch GmbH, the biggest independent automotive supplier in the world.				 					Most recently he served as head of technology and strategic planning in Robert Bosch’s Automotive Electronics Semiconductor & IC division.				     •   					Dr. Hauenstein holds a Doctor’s degree in Natural Sciences with University Honors and a Diploma in Physics with University Honors from the University of Bayreuth, Germany. His PHD studies focused on compound Semiconductors and Laser spectroscopy.				 					Dr. Hauenstein has deep technical expertise with 90+ patents in the fields of semiconductor devices and ICs, Si and wafer processing, advanced Si-packaging, Si-based current/voltage/temperature/magnetic field sensors, power module design & component integration, electrical & optical measurement techniques, battery management, laser technology and fuel cell applications.				   	Kerry Fanxue Kong  (Deputy GM)    •   					Kerry Kong has more than 14 years of experience including 10 years in Datang Microelectronics which is a subsidiary of Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd.				          •   					Kerry Kong joined Datang Microelectronics Technology Co., Ltd in October 2002. He served as regional sales manager, sales manager, government and enterprise telecommunications business unit director, assistant to GM, deputy general manager. During his time as the deputy GM, he was in charge of the management of the product line for smart card. He transferred to the preparatory team for the Joint Venture of Datang Telecom automotive electronics, participating the preparation for the DatangNXP.				     •   					Kerry Kong graduated from Beijing University of Technology with a Bachelor of materials science and engineering.				   	Marco Tao  (CMO)     •   						Marco Tao has more than 15 years of experiences and has worked at Leadcoretech, a subsidiary of Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd since graduation.					           •   						Marco Tao joined Datang Mobile in July 2000. During past 15 years, he has taken the position of deputy director of marketing and sales department as well as general manager of application processor unit. Marco has rich experiences in semiconductor research & development, marketing and management. In June 2015, Marco joined Datang NXP JV to take the position of deputy GM and marketing department head.            •   						Marco Tao graduated from Zhejiang University, with bachelor degree in application electronics.					     	Fay Liu  (CFO)    •   					Fay Liu has more than 11 years of experiences in multinational manufacturing companies and has worked in several industries including building materials, chemical, metallurgy, automobile automation.				           •   					In 2004, Fay worked in Saint-Gobain after her graduation. After that, she has worked at LG, Siemens VAI, an Italian joint venture, taking the position of tax accountant, management accountant, head of business control and process management and CFO. Fay has rich experiences in new company set-up, investment acquisitions, financing & high-tech enterprises.				     •   					Fay graduated from Nanjing University of Finance & Economics in 2004 with a Bachelor degree of Accounting, and then graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in 2014 with a master degree of Business Administration (Finance).				   	 















Datang Telecom Group - Wikipedia





















 






Datang Telecom Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Datang Telecom)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with China Datang Corporation, the state-owned electricity company .
"Datang Telecom" redirects here. For the subsidiary, see Datang Telecom Technology.

China Academy of Telecommunications Technology


Trading name

Datang Telecom Technology & Industry Group



Type

State-owned enterprise


Industry
Telecommunications equipment


Founded
1957


Headquarters
Beijing, China



Area served

China, exported worldwide


Products
Microelectronics, Software, Communication Access, Communication Terminals, Communication Application and Service


Revenue
 CN¥22.036 billion (2015)



Operating income

 CN¥00082 million (2015)


Profit
 CN¥00135 million (2015)


Total assets
 CN¥44.385 billion (2015)


Total equity
 CN¥16.800 billion (2015)


Owner
Chinese Central Government


Parent
SASAC


Subsidiaries



Datang Telecom Technology
DT Mobile





Website
datanggroup.cn


Footnotes / references
in consolidated financial statement[1]







China Academy of Telecommunications Technology


Simplified Chinese
电信科学技术研究院





Transcriptions











Datang Telecom Technology & Industry Group


Simplified Chinese
大唐电信科技产业集团





Transcriptions








Datang Telecom


Simplified Chinese
大唐电信


Traditional Chinese
大唐電信





Transcriptions


Standard Mandarin


Hanyu Pinyin
Dà táng diàn xìn








Datang Telecom Group (officially Datang Telecom Technology & Industry Group) is a Chinese telecommunications equipment group headquartered in Beijing, China. The group was founded in September 1998 by the China Academy of Telecommunications Technology, which acted as the parent company of the group. It is best known for its leading role in developing the Chinese TD-SCDMA 3G mobile telecommunications standard through subsidiary DT Mobile (formerly known as Datang Mobile).
Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. (SSE: 600198), a Datang Telecom subsidiary, is listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.



Contents


1 History
2 Operations
3 Subsidiaries
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Datang Telecom Group was founded in September 1998 by the China Academy of Telecommunications Technology.[2] The academy itself was founded in 1957. In 1998 a limited company Datang Telecom Technology was also incorporated and floated in the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 21 October 1998.
In April 2007, Datang secured a 36.6% share of China Mobile's first large-scale TD-SCDMA network construction contracts.[3]
In March 2012, Datang Telecom agreed to acquire three companies: TD-SCDMA chip maker Leadcore Technology, handset design and manufacturing company Shanghai Uniscope Technologies, and its subsidiary Qidong Uniscope Electronics; Datang already held a 51 percent stake in Shanghai Uniscope.[4]




logo of subsidiary Datang Telecom Technology, and the calligraphy of "Datang Telecom"


Operations[edit]
Datang's areas of business include high-capacity digital switching, optical networking, data communication and digital microwave communication equipment and software and system integration services. However, revenue from these sectors is far outweighed by the company's spending on TD-SCDMA research and product development, and in recent years the company has taken out a series of heavy loans from state-owned Chinese banks to fund this development.[5][6]
Subsidiaries[edit]

As of 31 December 2015


The First Research Institute of Telecommunications Technology (zh) (100.0%)
Datang Telecom Technology (33.94%)

This list is incomplete; you can help by expanding it.
References[edit]



^ "2017年度第一期中期票据发行披露材料". China Academy of Telecommunications Technology (in Chinese). Shanghai Clearing House. 10 January 2017. Retrieved 7 March 2017. 
^ "Datang Telecom Tech Co Stock Quote and Company Profile". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved 10 November 2012. 
^ "ZTE Takes Half Of China Mobile TD-SCDMA Contracts", 10 April 2007 (Pacific Epoch)
^ "Datang to buy three mobile companies". Telecompaper. 20 March 2012. Retrieved 10 November 2012. 
^ "Datang Telecom Receives Another CNY20 Billion Line Of Credit", 20 July 2007 (China Tech News)
^ "国家开发银行与大唐电信科技产业集团签合作协议" (in Chinese). SASAC of the State Council. 22 June 2007. Retrieved 7 March 2017. 



External links[edit]

Official website (in Chinese)
DT Mobile (in Chinese) (in English)







v
t
e


Telecommunications in China




Telecommunications industry



History



CERNET
China Next Generation Internet
Chinese Domain Name Consortium
CNGrid
Digital divide
Electronics industry
ICP license
Internet
Internet censorship

Golden Shield Project
List of websites blocked
List of blacklisted keywords


Mobile phone industry
Online gaming





Government agencies



China Internet Network Information Center
Internet police
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
Cyberspace Administration of China





Telecom operators



China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom





Equipment suppliers



Amoi
Datang Telecom Group

Datang Telecom Technology


Huawei
Konka Group
Ningbo Bird
SVA Group
ZTE








Economy
Media
Television









This article about a telecommunications company is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This Chinese corporation or company article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Datang_Telecom_Group&oldid=769092459"					
Categories: Companies based in BeijingGovernment agencies established in 19571957 establishments in ChinaTelecommunication equipment companies of ChinaGovernment-owned companies of ChinaChinese brandsTelecommunications company stubsChinese company stubsHidden categories: CS1 Chinese-language sources (zh)Articles containing simplified Chinese-language textArticles which use infobox templates with no data rowsArticles containing traditional Chinese-language textInterlanguage link template link numberIncomplete lists from March 2017Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaArticles with Chinese-language external linksAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


FrançaisNederlands中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 March 2017, at 15:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd.-










 China.cn Homepage  | Sign In  |  Join Now  | New Products  | New Companies













Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd.





Home Selling Leads About UsContact










Home >Suppliers>Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd.

Selling Leads
About Us
Site Map
Contact Us

Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. 

Street Address :40 Xueyuan Road, Haidian District, Beijing City. China
Country/Region : China (Mainland)
Telephone:86-10-62301267






About Us


	Established in 1998, Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. is a hi-tech telecom company supported by the China Academy of Telecommunication Technology (CATT). It is one of the major telecom manufacturers with a largest coverage of product lines and self-owned intellectual property rights in China.  In recent years, Datang has been published in the Forbes as the Best Global Small Companies in the World, and ranked 10th at the third Zhongzheng Yashan... Read more >>
moreSelling Leads








Video Phone








RF Feeder...








S-Link 5....








M-Link Di...








Air Card 775 Edge








HDPE Silicon Core Duct








Contact IC Card








SIM Card for GSM








R-UIM Card for CDMA








ADSS cabl...



Company Profile


Basic Information
 


Company Name: 
Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd.


Business Type:
--


Product/Service:
Telecommunication systems and related accessories; such as terminals; IC chips and smart cards. Switching systems; access networks; DSLAM; SIM/UIM/USIM cards; IC modules; ID chips; optical fiber cables; coaxial cables; terminals and video phones


Year Established: 
1998


Trade & Market
 

















Address: 40 Xueyuan Road, Haidian District, Beijing City. ChinaTelephone:86-10-62301267
Browse Products Alphabetically:
A | 
B | 
C | 
D | 

E | 
F | 
G | 
H | 
I | 
J | 

K | 
L | 
M | 
N | 
O | 
P | 

Q | 
R | 
S | 
T | 
U | 
V | 

W | 
X | 
Y | 
Z | 
0-9

Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. Technical Support:China Suppliers




大唐电信科技股份有限公司



















﻿




大唐电信
集成电路设计
软件与应用
终端设计
移动互联网


 







 

































解决方案





集成电路设计
安全芯片解决方案
移动终端解决方案



运营商
无线接入解决方案
运营支撑BOSS



城市应用
智慧城市
智慧商务中心
平安城市
智慧交通
智慧旅游
节能减排



行业应用
交通
农业
水利
教育
能源
多业务融合调度平台



公共服务
移动互联网
政务信息化








产品与服务






集成电路设计
智能终端芯片
智能安全芯片
汽车电子芯片


终端设计
终端设计服务
智能手机
数据终端
行业终端


移动互联网
定制终端与服务
移动应用与服务


软件与服务
电信运营支撑系统
信息安全
平台类产品


通信设备
有线接入
无线接入
光通信


物联网与智能设备
智能卡
车联网
传感网
视频监控


节能与服务
节能产品









客户服务





服务方案
支持与下载
在线留言
网站声明
客户服务热线



  
服务方案


服务至上是我们永恒的主题,用户满意永远是第一追求。公司向客户提供的不仅仅是先进的技术和优质的产品，更是注重信誉、服务至上的精神。










投资者关系


 


公司概况
股票行情
董事会成员
公司治理
社会责任报告



利润分配
投资者互动问答
互动回放
投资者服务
投资者教育



公司公告
临时公告
定期公告
股东大会资料




股票行情








关于我们





公司概况
董事长致辞
公司简介
愿景与使命
组织机构
自主创新
企业荣誉
大事记


公司动态
新闻动态
媒体报道
展会活动
国资要闻
视野


社会责任
社会责任管理
信息兴业
合作共赢
企业治理
以人为本
绿色减排
社会关爱




公司简介










加入我们





人才策略
核心理念
薪酬福利
员工培训
职业发展
员工活动


社会招聘
大唐电信总部_社会
集成电路设计板块_社会
软件与应用板块_社会
终端设计板块_社会
移动互联网板块_社会


校园招聘
招聘流程与招聘行程
招聘职位
大唐电信Q_A




法律声明







大唐家园












 
 

















 公司要闻&nbsp|&nbsp



 大唐电信入选“中关村商标品牌试点...
 攻坚克难 提质增效 全面完成年度工作...
 大唐软件顺利通过CMMI5评估
 大唐微电子亮相2017中国卫生信息技术...
 大唐电信中标中国移动时钟同步设备...
 大唐终端荣获天津港保税区2016年度百...
 大唐软件河北高速交通大数据分析平...
 弯道超车  大唐恩智浦打造最优汽车中...
 大唐软件中标大数据产业生态基础研...
 院党组巡视组巡视大唐股份党委工作...






 国资要闻　|　  
 视野 














  
  
  
  
  






﻿




按访问者

运营商
行业/企业用户
终端消费者
合作伙伴
新闻媒体
投资者
求职者



关于我们

公司简介
愿景与使命
企业荣誉
社会责任
媒体报道
新闻动态



特色主题

信息安全
智能终端
智慧城市
移动互联网



相关网站




国资委








大唐电信集团







所属单位




 大唐软件技术股份有限公司 
 大唐恩智浦半导体有限公司 
 大唐电信移动互联孵化平台 
 大唐创新港投资（北京）有限公司 
 联芯科技有限公司 
 大唐微电子技术有限公司 
 上海优思通信科技有限公司 
 大唐网络有限公司 
 大唐终端技术有限公司 







相关单位




 大唐电信无线移动创新中心 
 大唐移动通信设备有限公司 
 大唐高鸿数据网络技术有限公司 
 电信科学技术第一研究所 
 电信科学技术第四研究所 
 电信科学技术第五研究所 
 电信科学技术仪表研究所 
 中芯国际集成电路制造有限公司 
 大唐投资管理(北京)有限公司 
 大唐电信科技产业控股公司 














 
 










法律声明  |  
隐私保护  |  
联系我们  |  
网站地图
版权所有©大唐电信科技股份有限公司  京ICP备06071639号   京公网安备11010802023277号/










 








Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. (大唐电信科技股份有限公司) Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. (大唐电信科技股份有限公司)     







 


 China                
Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. (大唐电信科技股份有限公司)
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services
Available in: English & Chinese
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Headquarters
                                6 Yongjia N. Rd. Haidian Dt. Beijing                                
                                Beijing;                                Beijing;                                Map 
                                                                    Postal Code: 100094                                                            

Tel: 86-10-5891
Fax: 86-10-5891




Email:
@datang.com                            

Website:
http://www.datang.com 



 

Company Description                    




                        The company is a high-tech telecommunication company, which is a holding company of Academy of Telecommunications Science and Technology. Its business covers a wide range which includes microelectronics, software, telecommunication equipment and facilities, telecommunication cables, communication terminals, communication engineering, information technology, related product development, marketing and sales. As a key enterprise in information industry with independent intellectual property rights, based on smart card and SoC chip Datang Telecom has developed its core technology and chip industry, software industry based on operation support system, communication equipment industry based on new generation of communication access and related services.                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 




JAC Capital, Leadcore, Qualcomm and Wise Road Capital Enter Agreement to Form Joint Venture to Design and Sell Smartphone Chipsets in China | Qualcomm










Press NotePress ReleasesJAC Capital, Leadcore, Qualcomm and Wise Road Capital Enter Agreement to Form Joint Venture to Design and Sell Smartphone Chipsets in China26 May 2017BEIJINGQualcomm products mentioned within this press release are offered by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.In Beijing today, Jianguang Asset Management Co., Ltd. (JAC Capital), Leadcore Technology Co., Ltd (Leadcore, a subsidiary of Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd.), Qualcomm (China) Holding Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc) and Wise Road Capital Ltd. (Wise Road Capital) signed an agreement to form a joint venture – JLQ Technology. This joint venture will focus on the design, packaging, testing, customer support and sales related to chipsets for mass-tier smartphones designed and sold into China. 
Representatives of JAC Capital, Brighten Li, chairman of the Investment Evaluation Committee, William Sun, general manager and Jason Jia, deputy general manager attended. On behalf of Datang Telecom Technology and Industry Group, Shanzhi Chen, vice president attended. On behalf of Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd, Yonghua Li, president and Kun Jiang, vice president attended. From Wise Road Capital, managing partner, attended the event. Representatives of Qualcomm, Cristiano Amon, executive vice president of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and president of QCT, Frank Meng, chairman of Qualcomm China, Savi Soin, vice president of strategy for Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., and other senior Qualcomm executives attended. Guoliang Qian, vice president of Datang Telecom and chief executive officer of Leadcore, hosted the ceremony.
This joint venture will combine Qualcomm’s advanced technology, scale, product portfolio with Leadcore’s accomplished R&D capability as well as deep relationships in China. JAC Capital’s wide connections in Chinese financial circle, and Wise Road Capital’s financial and industry eco-system resources home and abroad.
“This joint venture represents the organic combination of financial and industry resources of Qualcomm, JAC Capital, Datang Telecom, and Wise Road Capital, the synergy of which is advantageous to local technology innovation,” said Brighten Li, chairman of investment evaluation committee, JAC Capital. “It also represents an important step for JAC Capital as an eco-system player in the global semiconductor industry. JAC Capital, with its background in the financial industries and many- years of experience in the semiconductor and telecommunication industries, will help this joint venture to achieve long-term success.”
“With China’s growing consumption of consumer chipsets and a well-developed smartphone eco-system, this joint venture will be well-positioned to tap into the growing consumer demand in China,” Said William Sun, general manager, JAC Capital. “We believe the establishment of this Joint Venture in IC design will be beneficial for consumers and boosting China’s IC design industry.” Jason Jia, deputy general manager of JAC Capital, was quoted as saying, “Success of the joint venture is dependent on the level of collaboration among our partners. JAC Capital remains committed towards working with our partners and marching towards our common goals.”
“For a long time, Datang Telecom Industry Group has been paying great attention to its development in the mobile industry. Now, the establishment of this joint venture could be regarded as a key milestone. As one of the most important IC design subsidiaries of Datang Group, Leadcore has been, for years, one of the leaders of SoC design in China, especially in wireless technologies,” Said Shanzhi CHEN, vice president, Datang Telecom Industry Group, “We sincerely believe that this joint venture among Datang, Qualcomm, JAC Capital and Wise Road Capital, through combined contributions of leading technologies and capital, will further strengthen the overall competitiveness in mobile communication.”
“As a state-owned high-tech backbone enterprise in the field of information communication, Datang Telecom has being put its focus on the core areas of the ICT industry. Datang Telecom is also actively seeking cooperation with the industry's leading companies to achieve win-win situation, while continue its internal development." Said Yonghua Li, CEO of Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. "By working together with domestic and international capitals, Datang Telecom and the world’s leading companies learn and benefit from each other through in-depth cooperation in the areas of technology, talents, market and etc, which will drive the IC development into a new situation.”
Guoliang Qian, chief executive officer of Leadcore said, "Since its inception, Leadcore has been committed to providing advanced mobile terminal chip and solutions. With burgeoning local IC design talents, we expect this joint venture to rapidly enter into its target segment and engage with a widespread range of customers.”
“This joint venture further demonstrates Qualcomm’s long term commitment to the China mobile industry. This project will help Qualcomm expand its presence to new segments and customers, as an addition to our vibrant and fast growing semiconductor business in China” said Cristiano Amon, executive vice president, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., and president, QCT. 
 “Qualcomm has been a leading technology innovator in mobile for more than 30 years and we assume that this joint venture will develop chipsets to serve the 4G smartphone ecosystem in China,” said Frank Meng, chairman, Qualcomm China.
“Wise Road Capital is committed to provide this joint venture with financial and industry resources to accelerate its growth,” said Michael Zhang, managing partner, Wise Road Capital. “We hope this joint venture will build an important foundation for the long-term collaboration between our US and China partners. Wise Road Capital has established a focused fund to invest in the mobile technology eco-system to boost co-growth of portfolio companies, and strengthen collaboration with our partners.”
JLQ Technology will be registered in Gui’an New Area in Guizhou Province. The formation of this joint venture is subject to the approval by relevant authorities, and the parties currently anticipate that it will be completed later this year.  
About JAC Capital
Beijing Jianguang Asset Management Co., Ltd. (“JAC Capital”) is a subsidiary of JIC Capital which is part of JIC Group (China Jianyin Investment Ltd). JAC Capital was established for the purpose of investing in the high tech industry including semiconductor, information technology, networking, data service, cloud computing and telecommunications. By taking advantage of the abundant resources of its shareholders in the international financial market, JAC Capital partners with industrial leaders in various sectors and makes investments in the focused high tech industry and the global semiconductors market to support its continuous development. 
About Leadcore
As a member of Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd. (“DTT”), Leadcore Technology Co., Ltd. (LEADCORE) is dedicated to providing leading 3G/4G chip and mobile terminal solutions. Leadcore’s headquarter locates in Shanghai China, and its RD and service centers covers in Beijing, Shenzhen and Hong Kong.
About Qualcomm
Qualcomm's technologies powered the smartphone revolution and connected billions of people. We pioneered 3G and 4G – and now we are leading the way to 5G and a new era of intelligent, connected devices. Our products are revolutionizing industries, including automotive, computing, IoT, healthcare and data center, and are allowing millions of devices to connect with each other in ways never before imagined. Qualcomm Incorporated includes our licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of our patent portfolio.  Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, all of our engineering, research and development functions, and all of our products and services businesses, including, our QCT semiconductor business. For more information, visit Qualcomm’s website, OnQ blog, Twitter and Facebook pages.
About Wise Road Capital
Wise Road Capital is a global private equity fund that is focused on investing into solid high tech companies by identifying opportunities in enabling technologies for global urbanization and smart/green life through close cooperation with leading companies along several main themes, including smart city, intelligent manufacturing, renewable energies, etc. Wise Road Capital is striving to build a healthy international eco-system around those key themes through its investments and its international management team with a combination of industry and investment background.
Related Press ReleasesPress ReleasesQualcomm Extends Cash Tender Offer for All Outstanding Shares of NXP Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM) today announced that Qualcomm River Holdings B.V. , an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Qualcomm, has extended the offering period of its previously announced cash tender offer to purchase all of thePress ReleasesQualcomm Collaborates with Schools, Libraries and Non-Profits to Provide More Students Free, Hands-on STEM Camps this Summer Building on three years of successful hands-on STEM camps, this summer the Qualcomm® Thinkabit Lab™ continues to grow, with a total of 10 one-week-long camps in San Diego, the DC Metro Area and China. These programs are designed to introduce, inspirePress ReleasesQualcomm and Nichicon Sign Commercial Wireless Electric Vehicle Charging License AgreementQualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM) and Nichicon Corporation (TSE: 6996) today announced that they have entered into a Wireless Electric Vehicle Charging (WEVC) license agreement. Nichicon will include Qualcomm Halo™ WEVC technology in its productPress ReleasesSnapdragon Neural Processing Engine Now Available on Qualcomm Developer NetworkQualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM), announced today the immediate availability of the Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ Neural Processing Engine (NPE) software development kit (SDK) on Qualcomm Developer Network.Press ReleasesQualcomm announces winners of the 2017 Qualcomm Innovation Fellowship Program in IndiaQualcomm Incorporated today announced six winners of the Qualcomm Innovation Fellowship (QInF) program in India for the 2017-2018 academic year. 











Datang Telecom Technology Co Ltd in Edison, NJ
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Datang Telecom Technology Co  Ltd, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Datang Telecom Technology Co  Ltd

Datang Telecom Technology Co.,ltd exports to Northside Imports Inc through the port of New York, New York        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Datang Telecom Technology Co  Ltd and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 BOEING SUPPORT SERVICES
 ADIDAS INDUSTRIAL
 FRITO LAY DOMINICANA, S.A.         
 TRANSITYRE FRANCE S.A. MICHELIN EXP
 LULULEMON USA INC
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Datang Telecom Technology Co  Ltd
Datang Telecom Technology Co.,ltd exports to Northside Imports Inc through the port of New York, New York


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



DATANG TELECOM TECHNOLOGY CO.,LTD
NO.6,YONGJIA NORTH ROAD,HAIDIAN    
DISTRICT,BEIJING 100094,P.R.CHINA  
                                   
86 10 58919000


NORTHSIDE IMPORTS
835 NEW DURHAM ROAD EDISON ,       
NJ 08817,USA                       
                                   
888 472 0455



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



NORTHSIDE IMPORTS




PO NO:997149/997289 
NORTHSIDE IMPORTS 
TEL:(888)472-0455 
FAX:(732)287-5686 
FROM:86-10-62362845
PO NO:997149/997289 
NORTHSIDE IMPORTS 
TEL:(888)472-0455 
FAX:(732)287-5686 
FROM:86-10-62362845





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



HJSCTSXP14972200


TGHU9444214
TGHU9444214


Product Description




GENUINEA/C COMPRESSOR
GENUINEA/C COMPRESSOR









Bill of LadingPFECLS12TJ107482Arrival Date2011-08-19Weight (LB)2,050Weight (KG)932UnitsCMQuantity150 CTNContainer Count1CBM3Voyage No.0095EPort of LoadingPUSANPort of DischargeNEW YORK, NEW YORKVessel NameHANJIN WILMINGTONCarrier CodePFECCountry Of OriginSouth KoreaPlace Of ReceiptBUSAN 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Datang Telecom Technology Co  Ltd. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Datang Telecom Technology Co  Ltd has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Datang Telecom Technology Co  Ltd







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Datang Telecom Technology Co  Ltd
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Florida Games                                



                                    Capital Carpet Tekstil San.ve                                



                                    Deborah Samu                                



                                    Amcor Packaging Korea Limited                                



                                    Linkmarine Logistic Services Pvtltd                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3747
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















