














































HPT Vietnam Corporation | ISVWorld












                        
                
        Topbar menu      

Home
About ISVWorld
Team
Contact
 









                        
                
        User login      


Login

E-mail: *







Password: *






Create new account
Request new password











Get free trial







                        
                
        Primary links      


Home
Search
CustomersCloud platform providers
Software Vendor (ISV)
Venture Capital & Private Equity
Outsourcing
Corporate Finance Professional
IT Consultant
Market Researcher/Analyst
Management Consultant
CTO, CIO, IT Architect
Academic

SolutionsLead generation
Market research
Business Development
Merger and acquisition strategies
Find new products to sell
Build versus Buy decisions
Find and track innovation

SubscribeSubscribe now!

Pricing
Services





You are here: Home» Software Vendors» HPT Vietnam Corporation» HPT Vietnam Corporation



            HPT Vietnam Corporation
    






HPT Vietnam CorporationVendor
Key People
Locations2
 


















 












        Estimated nr. employees:
      
????



 




        Established in Year:
      
????


http://www.hpt.vn











 LinkedIn Profile Popup


Subscription only!Additional content is subscriber only. Please select any button below to explore our subscriptions.Get free trial accountExplore subscriptions



 





                        
                
        About the Company      





Project management capacity  Project Implementation Capacity   Founded in 1995, HPT Vietnam Corporation is currently a leading prestigious and highly customer-trusted IT product and service provider. Our scope of activities is nationwide with many well known customers. HPT tirelessly and continuously enhance the quality in all spheres of company's activities including business, customers' service, and management activities.   'Building HPT to become an international-rank ICT and software developing company'   Integrity - Responsibility   60 Nguyen Van Troi, Phu Nhuan District, HCMC   62 Nguyen Van Troi, Phu Nhuan District, HCMC   62 Nguyen Van Troi, Phu Nhuan District, HCMC   123 Xa Dan, Dong Da District, Hanoi



 







                        
                
        Classifications      

Main classificationHuman Resources
Procurement & Purchasing
Project Management
Talent Management
ERP & Process Management
Vertical IndustriesBanking (Retail and Investment) » Asset management
Telecommunications » Cellular Software, Mobile
Transportation » Warehouse Management
Horizontal MarketsAccounting and Taxes » Accounting (Integrated)
Customer Service & Support » Call Center Management
Customer Service & Support » Help Desk
Education/Training » Learning Management Systems (LMS)
ERP & Process Management » Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Facilities Management » Asset Management
Governance, risk and compliance (GRC)  » Generalcomplianceandaudit
Human Resources » Talent Management
Transportation, Logistics & Inventory Management » Inventory Management
Transportation, Logistics & Inventory Management » Warehouse Management
Manufacturing » Computer-Aided Manufacturing (CAM)
Procurement & Purchasing
Project Management
 









                        
                
        Location      

 








                        
                
        Company website      

               














IFS Named as Leading Provider of EAM Software for the Oil & Gas industry by ARC Advisory Group




Sophisticated DDoS Attacks Drives Service Providers to Seek a More Optimal and Efficient Mitigation Approach




Global Geographic Information System (GIS) Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 - Research and Markets




Wearable Devices' Expansion to Industrial Sector Thrives with Addition of Advanced Sensors and Software




American Software, Inc. Invites You to Join Its First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Preliminary Results Conference Call on the Web




Cloud Standards Customer Council Announces Version 2.0 of Big Data and Analytics Architecture Paper and New Companion Guide




Rewired Launches $100M Robotics-Focused Venture Studio and Fund




InMoment’s Discover Named a Top Enterprise-Level SaaS Product




Rivetz Partners with Parity Technologies to Improve Cyber Security on the Blockchain




Platform9 Announces Cloud Partner Program




Neudesic, Fireman And Company, And Handshake Software Partner To Rollout Next Generation Intranet For Am Law 20 Law Firm




Netsparker: Government and Financial Services Most Vulnerable Industries, Warn Developers




Shopkick Bolsters Leadership Team with New Head of Product




Epicor to Host the 2017 Epicor Lumber and Building Materials User Conference




Software AG Establishes Scientific Advisory Board




APT Systems Inc. Announces Its Formal Entry Into the Blockchain Ecosystem




Introducing Apto Prospect & Nurture: A New Tool to Help Brokers Connect With the Right People at the Right Time




xTensegrity Joins NetSuite Alliance Partner Program to Deliver NetSuite Cloud ERP Tailored for Advertising, Media and Publishing Firms




Upland Software Announces $200 Million Credit Facility For Acquisitions




ARC Advisory Group Names IFS Leader in Aerospace and Defense EAM Software for Ninth Consecutive Year



 
 






Follow us




 





About ISVWorldAbout Us
Jobs
Partners
Team

More informationContact
Register
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions

 





Contact info
info@isvworld.com





 








HPT VIETNAM CORP







































 
More

Sign In





Manage My Account
Pay My Bill

Sign Out


Cookie Settings

Global

Global
Global
Australia
Brasil
Deutschland
France
日本
Sverige
United Kingdom






Search OpenText
close






Most Popular Searches


Web Experience Management
BPM Suite
Enterprise Information Management
Records Management
Enterprise World
Content Management
OpenText Community


 Menu
Search
 




















										Home 
What we do 
Partners and Alliances 
Partner Directory 
HPT VIETNAM CORP









HPT VIETNAM CORP




Overview


Region
SE Asia


Product Focus
ECM - Captiva


Type of Partnership
Reseller





Corporate Address
	
		9TH FLOOR, PARAGON BUILDING 03
NGUYEN LUONG BANG STREET TAN		
		HO CHI MINH		
		VN		
		070000


+84 8 5412-3400


www.hpt.vn












           






















Phuong Cham Nguyen Thi, Sr. HR Specialist at HPT Vietnam Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam





























Coroflot - My Account
h






























+ Follow




Phuong Cham Nguyen Thi

Sr. HR Specialist at HPT Vietnam Corporation

Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam







Profile
Portfolio


Contact









8+ year rich-experienced in Human Resource Development and Development
Work Samples




























Work History


OD Specialist

KINHDO CORPORATION
Vietnam
Jun 2014 - Present (3 years 2 months)

•	Adapting changes in HR and Organization by researching and giving HRM new models.•	Managing Performance Appraisal System (KPIs and Competencies).•	Supporting HR Relations team to survey employee's satisfaction.


Sr. HR Specialist

HPT Vietnam Corporation
Vietnam
Dec 2012 - Jun 2014 (1 year 6 months)

•	Guiding and supporting for all staff in Human Resources Department.•	Doing recruitment and training in HCMC.•	Guiding and operating HRM/Strategy project: Balanced Scorecard and KPIs for HPT Services Centre.


HCMC Branch HR & Administration Manager

Topica Education Group
Vietnam
Jun 2012 - Dec 2012 (6 months)

•	Managing and training all staff in Human Resources and Administration Department.•	Recruiting key positions.•	Control all duties and activities of the department to meet requirements of the BODs.


HR & QM Specialist

HPT Vietnam Corporation
Vietnam
Nov 2007 - Mar 2011 (3 years 4 months)

•	Consulting organization optimization and general management activities.•	Monitoring and training staff in Human Resources and Administration Department.•	Building and rebuilding staff evaluation, some career levels and staff competency systems.•	Administering almost management activities, especially  in head-count control.•	Maintaining and resolving regulations related to employees.•	Resolving conflicts, discipline and material resposibilities administering.•	Recruiting all staff and selecting of strategic positions in the company.•	Training new members and some soft skills for all staff.


HR & Administration Executive

Intimex Import Export Joint Stock Company
Vietnam
Aug 2006 - Sep 2007 (1 year 1 month)

•	Verifying personnel records and head-count controlling for all staff.•	Wages and social insurance management of all branches including salary budget.•	Inspecting all staff activities.•	General administration.


Education


National Economics University

MBA Human Resource Management
2008 - 2012

Protect the thesis with excellent score.
Subject: Career paths  for all staff - Case study of HPT Vietnam Corp.


HCMC University of Economics

Bachelor's degree Labor Economics & Human Resources Management
2001 - 2005

Graduated at the 1st grade of the department.


Le Hong Phong High School for the gifted

High school Biology, General
1997 - 2000



Le Quy Don Middle School

General Studies General Studies
1993 - 1997



Phan Van Han Primary School

General Studies General Studies
1988 - 1993





Specialties

Service Design Research Product Design 



Share



8


6


3


7


4




        Following 16


Next

Previous








        Followers 16


Next

Previous
























HPT Vietnam Corporation
















Site map




                    Search  



















Home

                    |    
                


About us
                        

                    |    
                


Solutions and Services
                        

                    |    
                

Partners
                        

                    |    
                

Clients
                        

                    |    
                

Stockholder Relations
                        










                    Become a partner
                

                    |
            



                    News
                

                    |
            



                    Contact
                









Home
              
        	About us
       	   
           	Overview
              Introduction
        







Overview



Introduction








                    	Core values
                    








                            History

                       






                        	2015
                        



                        	2014
                        



                        	2013
                        



                        	2012
                        



                        	2011
                        



                        	2010
                        



                        	2009
                        



                        	2008
                        



                        	2007
                        



                        	2006
                        



                        	2005
                        



                        	2004
                        



                        	2003
                        



                        	From 2000 to 2002
                        



                        	From 1995 to 1999
                        





                    	Vision and Mission
                    








                            Executive profile

                       







                                Board of Directors

                            





                                Executive Board

                            





                                Supervisory Board

                            






                    	Company profile
                    







                    	Video clip
                    







                    	Achievement
                    









Introduction







 HPT - Who we are?





					Founded in 1995, HPT Vietnam Corporation is currently a leading prestigious and highly customer-trusted IT product and service provider. Our scope of activities is nationwide with many well known customers. Currently, HPT has nearly 300 employees and our charter capital up to 59,89 billion VND. HPT tirelessly and continuously enhance the quality in all spheres of company’s activities including business, customers’ service, and management activities.

					To HPT, the human is extremely important and the most precious assets, for we understand: In order to provide our clients with perfect IT services, the human is the first and foremost factor. More than 85% of our engineers directly take part in providing services to customers. Our technical staff is young, professional, aspiring, passionate in conquering new sciences and technologies and always work exhaustively to serve our clients. We always bring to our clients optimal IT solutions as well as provide them with the best support they need. We aim at highest achievements in our work and walk abreast our clients toward the future.
					 




				 HPT - What we do?





					IT services to more than 2000 agencies and enterprises in Vietnam. We provide our clients with advanced technologies, optimal solutions and processes in order to help them perform important tasks in face of the challenges of the new era – that of e-business. We do help our clients: 


						Overcome all distances – to move toward globalization and economic integration by way of e-services, e-trading (B2C), e-business (B2B), anywhere, anytime, by any means.

						Build the confidence – through mastering technologies, ensuring security and information secrecy.

						Create competition advantages – maximally develop the creativeness; increase the speed and effectiveness in production and management.

						Develop the mutual benefit co-operation with clients, partners, and distribution channels.
						We assist our clients in effectively applying IT solutions for purpose of achieving results commensurable with their investment and help them attain a mighty development in all aspects, which makes them outgo all of their competitors. Our services consist of:
						

								Providing solutions

								Customer support

								Sales

								Training
								 







 HPT - How we do it?





						Provide perfect technical services out of all our heart and ability. Sincerity and devotion to our clients are the fundament to build long-term co-operative relations.

						Plan for annual strategies on the basis of actual needs and our ability. Plans are built in specific details and cover the whole company, from the leaders to the employees. Control and supervisions are conducted regularly to ensure the successful achievement of the projected targets.

						HPT’s professional processes are scientifically and closely streamlined according to ISO 9002 quality management standards.

						For purpose of ensuring the real effectiveness and benefit, all services are analyzed and evaluated carefully before they are delivered to the clients. Services are provided to clients in a complete, quick and accurate manner, in strict compliance with quality assurance processes.

						The people at HPT work diligently, wholeheartedly, with a high sense of responsibilities and team spirit. The HPT technical staff have high professional qualifications; they are regularly trained and updated with new knowledge.



				 



				 HPT - Why we do it?

				 





					To do good things, develop talents, and bring benefits to the society is a great encouragement and happiness of the whole HPT staff. 


						We work for our clients: The inspiration we get from contributing to the clients’ success is the reason why we work industriously every day. The clients’ success is at the same time that of ours.

						We work for the HPT people: HPT engineers and technicians are always encouraged, stimulated and awarded for high achievements in their creative labor. Besides, they are provided with full conditions to ensure their all-round development. To take care of the human is to care for the firm development of the company itself.

						We work for a better society: HPT desires to be a good member of the society. We commit ourselves to make our contribution to the cause of building and developing a rich and powerful Vietnam and an ever-better life of the people.



				 










 





 Copyright by HPT Vietnam Corporation.












HPT Vietnam Corporation
















Site map




                    Search  



















Home

                    |    
                

About us
                        

                    |    
                

Solutions and Services
                        

                    |    
                

Partners
                        

                    |    
                

Clients
                        

                    |    
                

Stockholder Relations
                        










                    Become a partner
                

                    |
            



                    News
                

                    |
            



                    Contact
                

































































            News:    


*HPT was given HCMC ICT Award from HCMC People’s Committtee for Outstanding ICT Applied
         
        *HPT Chairman Ngo Vi Dong was awarded Individual award for great contribution to the development of HCMC ICT
         
        *HPT was selected in list of Vietnam’s 50 leading ICT companies 2016
         
        *HPT was honored to receive title Ho Chi Minh City Outstanding enterprise 2016 from HCMC People’s Committee
         
        *HPT received 5 awards Top 5 & HCV ICT Vietnam 2016 of HCMC Computer Association (HCA)
         
        *HPT has been validated as an authorized service delivery partner of HP
         
        *HPT received Certificate of Merit from HCMC People’s Committee for great contribution to HCMC ICT development
         
        *HPT celebrated 21st Anniversary and 3rd Class Labor medal receiving
         
        *HPT implemented the first IT project in Philippines
         
        *HPT accompanies with VIB in applying BASEL II standard
         
        *Leaders of HPT visited and signed MOU with LDCC and HIT
         
        *HPT was selected in list of Vietnam’s 40 leading ICT companies 2015
         
        *HPT was honored to receive title Ho Chi Minh City Outstanding enterprise 2015
         
        *HPT received 5 awards at The Vietnam ICT Top 5 & Gold Medal award Ceremony 2015
         
        *Chairman Ngo Vi Dong represented HPT to receive award Microsoft Country Partner of the Year 2015
         
        *HPT won the first bid in Philippines market
         
        *HPT, Microsoft and Vingroup enter Enterprise Agreement
         
        *HPT is honored to receive the award Microsoft Country Partner of The Year 2015
         
        *HPT announced establishment of HPT Cloud Solution & Service Center (HCS) and HPT Application Solution and Service Center (HAS)
         
        *HPT received 2014 Top Security BP Award from IBM
         
        *HPT received Typical partner award by Ministry of Finance
         
        *HPT celebrated 20th Anniversary at Ho Chi Minh City Ballet Symphony Orchestra and Opera
         
        *HPT signed strategic partnership agreement with QTSC
         
        *HPT received “The 6th Ho Chi Minh ICT Award”
         
        *CEO of HPT Dinh Ha Duy Linh was recognized “Typical Entrepreneur of Ho Chi Minh City 2014” by Ho Chi Minh City People’s Committee
         
        *HPT was honored to receive the Vietnam ICT Top 5 & Gold Medal Award 2014 of Ho Chi Minh City Computer Association (HCA)
         
        *FVH selects Microsoft EA solution provided by HPT to modernize the hospital
         
        *HPT signed joint venture with Lotte Data Communications and Huyndai Information Technology
         
        *HPT Vietnam Corporation received ISO 27001:2005 certificate
         
        *HPT organized Annual Shareholders Meeting 2014
         
        *HPT greeted Vietnam Software and IT Services Association (VINASA) within member meeting of year 2014
         
        *HPT was honored to receive certificate of merit of Ho Chi Minh City People’s Committee
         
        *HPT was honored to receive award "Vietnam top reseller for HP 3PAR storage system" from HP
         
        *HPT Office Relocation Announcement
         
        *Delegation of HCMC leaders visited HPT
         
        *HPT welcome age of 17
         
        *HPT summarize 2011 and mobilize plan 2012: trust submerge
         
        *“Flexible Workstyle” with Microsoft solution
         
        *HPT received the title of Midmarket Benefits Pack Winner from IBM
         
        *HPT became one of Top 500 Vietnamese largest Private Companies in 2011
         
        *Vietnam Information Security Day 2011
         
        *CEO of HPT talked in Talkshow “Human resources for Vietnamese Economy”
         
        *HPT – HRM marked at Vietnam HR-Day 2011
         
        *HPT with Hi-tech process path
         
        *HPT employing data security solutions to leading enterprises in Vietnam
         
        *Collaboration agreement between HPT and HCM City University Of Science
         
        *HPT awarded "Typical Saigon Enterprise 2011”
         
        *HPT awarded "Partner of the Year" by Oracle
         
        *HPT exceeded 52.26% of economic targets in the first 6 months of 2010
         
        *HPT Vietnam Corporation has announced the brand identity guideline book
         
        *HPT continues attaining The Gold Medal and Vietnam ICT Top 5 Cup 2010
         
    













	Founded in 1995, HPT Vietnam Corporation is currently a leading prestigious and highly customer-trusted IT product and service provider. Our scope of activities is nationwide with many well known customers ...












                                    HPT Chairman Ngo Vi Dong was awarded Individual award for great contribution to the development of HCMC ICT



                                    HPT was given HCMC ICT Award from HCMC People’s Committtee for Outstanding ICT Applied



                                    HPT was selected in list of Vietnam’s 50 leading ICT companies 2016



















		Official-partners

		Partnership projects


































































































































































































Almost 20 years of experience in implementing many important projects in Vietnam, HPT has always been the pioneer in providing System Integration Solutions based on modern and up-to-date Information Technology to overseas and domestic customers.




	HPT provides deployment services for commercial software of the world leading IT manufacturers.




HPT provides ICT services to help enterprises and organizations enhance their IT System’s stability to improve management capability, competiveness and business performance.




 







 Copyright by HPT Vietnam Corporation. 









HPT Vietnam Corporation | Vietnam Business Directory


















Vietnam Yellow Pages
All Categories
Submit your free listing
About UsAdvertise with Yellow PagesContact us








 What? (category, product or service name)





Search business name only


 Where?






Vietnamese


Top Searches:
         	
   Freight Forwarding,
   Chemicals,
   Garment Companies
,
   Agricultural Products
,
   Machinery,
   Fertilizers,
   Wooden Furniture,
   Steel,
   Fabrics,
   Rubber





HPT Vietnam Corporation



More than 02 years have not been verified




Adress:
60 Nguyen Van Troi St., Ward 8, Phu Nhuan Dist.,Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam


Telephone:

				+84 28 38458518, 38204505


Fax:

				+84 28 38458516, 38204504



Email:
info@hptvietnam.com.vn


Website:
http://www.hptvietnam.com.vn





Catetories

 

Computers and Informatics                                                              



Product & Services




Company Profile



Company name:
HPT Vietnam Corporation                                                                                                                               




Send your message to this company



*Your email: 



*Message: 







*Enter your name and telephone number
                


Your name: 

 Mobile


































Are you a Business?


                A Free Listing is a simple, smart way to spread the word about your business.
                

YELLOW PAGES CALLCENTER
+84 1900 54 55 80
Hotline: +84 915 972 356/ 934 498 168








Browse Categories: 
				
                  • 
                3 • 
                5 • 
                7 • 
                A • 
                B • 
                C • 
                D • 
                E • 
                F • 
                G • 
                H • 
                I • 
                J • 
                K • 
                L • 
                M • 
                N • 
                O • 
                P • 
                Q • 
                R • 
                S • 
                T • 
                U • 
                V • 
                W • 
                X • 
                Y • 
                Z




Vietnam Yellow Pages |
About Us |
Submit your free listing |
Advertise with Vietnam Yellow Pages |
Contact Us




Vietnam Business Directory - Vietnam Yellow Pages
Head Office: Room 18, A Building, 79 Lac Trung St., Hai Ba Trung Dist., Hanoi, Viet Nam
Branch: 1st Floor, Blue Berry Building, No. 9-11, D52 Street, Ward 12, Tan Binh Dist., Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Tel: +84. 4 3636 9512/ 18 - Fax: +84. 4 3636 9371 - E-mail: contact@trangvangvietnam.com














