






Ca-Ch













Home
Company Histories
 Ca-Ch


		       Ca-Ch
		    
CACI International Inc. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on CACI International Inc.

CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc.

CCC Information Services Group Inc. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on CCC Information Services Group Inc.

CDC Corporation Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on CDC Corporation

Calgon Carbon Corporation Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Calgon Carbon Corporation

California Pizza Kitchen Inc. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on California Pizza Kitchen Inc.

Caliper Life Sciences, Inc. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Caliper Life Sciences, Inc.

CamaÃ¯eu S.A. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on CamaÃ¯eu S.A.

Campbell Soup Company Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Campbell Soup Company

Canadian National Railway Company Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Canadian National Railway Company

Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited

Caritas Internationalis Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Caritas Internationalis

Carl Allers Etablissement A/S Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Carl Allers Etablissement A/S

Carmike Cinemas, Inc. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Carmike Cinemas, Inc.

Carter Holt Harvey Ltd. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Carter Holt Harvey Ltd.

Cascades Inc. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Cascades Inc.

Cazenove Group plc Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Cazenove Group plc

Celebrate Express, Inc. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Celebrate Express, Inc.

Celera Genomics Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Celera Genomics

Cenveo Inc. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Cenveo Inc.

Charisma Brands LLC Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Charisma Brands LLC

Checkers Drive-In Restaurants, Inc. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Checkers Drive-In Restaurants, Inc.

Cheshire Building Society Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Cheshire Building Society

China Netcom Group Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on China Netcom Group Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited

Chr. Hansen Group A/S Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Chr. Hansen Group A/S
Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Chr. 



















CCC Information Services Group Inc. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on CCC Information Services Group Inc.













Home
Company Histories
 Ca-Ch
 CCC Information Services Group Inc. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on CCC Information Services Group Inc.



      CCC Information Services Group Inc.
    











        World Trade Center Chicago
        
         444 Merchandise Mart
        
         Chicago, Illinois 60654-1005
        
         U.S.A.
      


        Telephone: (312) 222-4636
        
         Toll Free: (800) 621-8070
        
         Fax: (312) 527-2298
        
         Web site: http://www.cccis.com
      



        Public Company
        
         Incorporated:
      
       1980 as Certified Collateral Corporation
      

        Employees:
      
       1,120
      

        Sales:
      
       $198.7 million (2004)
      

        Stock Exchanges:
      
       NASDAQ
      

        Ticker Symbol:
      
       CCCG
      

        NAIC:
      
       518111 Internet Service Providers
    

      CCC Information Services Group Inc. is the publicly traded holding company
      for CCC Information Services Inc., a Chicago-based provider of software
      and services to help insurance companies, collision repair shops, and
      independent appraisers evaluate and settle automobile claims. The
      company's EZNet claims network of 350 insurance companies and
      15,000 collision repair shops processes more than one million transactions
      each business day. CCC's signature product is 20-year-old CCC
      Valuescope, a system that determines the local market value of a vehicle.
      Additional products include CCC Pathways, a collision estimating tool used
      by insurers and repair shops; ClaimScope Navigator, a Web-based system
      that builds reports to help insurers compare their performance against
      competitors; and CCC Autoverse, providing insurers with data from
      appraisers to help them better manage the claim lifecycle.
    



      Lawyer Founds Company in the 1970s
    

      CCC was founded by Howard Allen Tullman, who was born in St. Louis in
      1946. After earning his undergraduate degree from Northwestern University
      in 1967, he enrolled at North-western's School of Law, graduating
      in 1970. Following his admittance to the Illinois Bar, Tullman joined the
      Chicago law firm of Levy And Erens, where for the next ten years he
      specialized in Federal litigation. He became involved in some large
      class-action law cases which required him to maintain communications with
      thousands of people and led to the use of computerized databases. Out of
      this experience grew the idea to apply computer technology to the
      automobile claims process. In 1980, Tullman founded Certified Collateral
      Corporation, a partnership launched with a $300,000 investment, to provide
      car-valuation information to auto insurers, which used the data to set the
      value of losses on stolen vehicles or those involved in accidents. For
      decades, auto values were determined by the "blue book" and
      "red book" published guides. They were maintained manually,
      requiring adjustors to fill out spec sheets and mail them in, and the
      material then had to be assembled and printed. As a result, the
      information was far from timely. To keep its valuation system current, CCC
      created a massive database of car dealers' new and used
      inventories. Because the system, which was introduced in 1983, could be
      updated every few days and reflected the actual prices car dealers asked
      for used cars, insurance companies began to adopt the service. Moreover,
      many states did not allow insurance companies to share information,
      providing an opening for an independent database company like CCC.
    

      In late 1983, Tullman took CCC public, raising $5 million to expand the
      business. Within two years, the company signed eight of the top U.S. auto
      insurers as customers and spread its operations to 20 states. CCC was used
      in 50,000 insurance claims in its first year, 100,000 in 1984, and well
      over 200,000 in 1985. In short order, all of the top 50 insurers in the
      United States became subscribers, and CCC's service was used to
      settle more than 80 percent of total loss claims. The 
      
        Chicago Sun-Times
      
       in a 1985 company profile described the nature of the system:
      "Certified gets its blue book price information directly from
      dealers. In return, people who had had their cars stolen or destroyed and
      are looking for a certain type of used car, are referred to the dealers by
      Certified. Insurance companies tap into regional car price information
      through an automated telecommunications system. 'We constructed a
      circle that said we will help those insured [people] shop for a new car
      and we'll steer them back to the dealers. In the meantime, the
      dealers will
       give us the price information that helps the insurance companies,'
      Tullman said."
    

      CCC also added the ability to check vehicles' 17-digit
      identification number (VIN), which insurance companies could use in the
      effort to eliminate fraud. At the time, it was estimated that about 10
      percent of car insurance premiums were the result of claims filed on
      "paper cars," vehicles reported as wrecked or stolen but
      which in reality did not exist. As described by the 
      
        Chicago Sun-Times,
      
       "In a typical fraud scheme, a person obtains a VIN number, perhaps
      from a junked car, and takes out policies with several companies. He later
      reports the car stolen and collects thousands of dollars from each
      insurer. 'Think about it,' Tullman said. 'How do most
      people buy car insurance? They pick up the phone and call their agent and
      he asks them for the VIN number. The agent never sees the car.'
      "
    



      Rapid Growth in the Mid-1980s
    

      CCC grew at a rapid clip during its first few years, in 1986 reaching
      $13.8 million in sales, an 89.6 percent increase over 1985, and posting
      $2.2 million in net income, 26 percent better than the previous year.
      Tullman, who had other entrepreneurial interests, attempted to sell the
      company in 1986. Comp-U-Card International, a telephone marketer of legal
      services and merchandise, negotiated a $93.3 million stock transaction to
      acquire CCC, but the deal was eventually abandoned, reportedly due to
      differences in corporate cultures. The company now attempted to broaden
      its business and become a national clearinghouse of automobile information
      that not only served insurance companies but also banks, auto dealers, and
      possibly consumers. In keeping with this plan, the company changed its
      name to CCC Information Services Inc. It then completed a secondary
      offering of stock, underwritten by Morgan Stanley & Co., raising
      $15 million, the proceeds of which were earmarked to upgrade the
      company's infrastructure and to fund possible acquisitions.
    

      Despite his ambitious plans for CCC, in the summer of 1987 Tullman again
      attempted to sell the company, this time to Fort Lauderdale-based SafeCard
      Services Inc., provider of credit card protection services, in a stock
      exchange valued at $99 million. However, this sale also fell through after
      American Express Co. announced that it would allow its contract with
      SafeCard to expire at year's end. As a result, SafeCard's
      stock plunged, and in a five-day span the company lost 40 percent of its
      market value. Because of the pending stock swap, CCC was pulled down as
      well, dropping approximately 30 percent in value. The acquisition was
      called off in October 1987 and CCC's stock began to rebound. By
      that time, the landscape for the company had changed in another way: for
      the first time in its history, CCC had to contend with serious competition
      in the form of AutoInfo Inc., a New York-based company that maintained a
      database of junkyard auto parts for insurance companies. AutoInfo aligned
      itself with Kelley Blue Book Co., an auto valuation publisher since 1929,
      to create a toll-free telephone service that provided an instant fair
      market valuation of a car to insurance appraisers and adjusters. Moreover,
      it charged about half of CCC's $29 transaction fee. In its favor,
      CCC was a well entrenched market leader, and AutoInfo proved in the long
      run to be a minor nuisance.
    

      Tullman finally found a buyer in 1989, when David M. Phillips put together
      a group of investors to acquire CCC in a $60-million leveraged buyout.
      Phillips then took over as chairman and CEO of the company. Prior to CCC,
      Phillips had spent ten years at Citibank, where he ultimately served as a
      senior vice-president responsible for Latin American consumers businesses,
      including banks, life insurance companies, finance companies, and credit
      card firms. For his part, Tullman became involved in other startups and
      eventually became president of Chicago's Kendall College.
    

      Under Phillips, CCC developed several new products during the 1990s. The
      company introduced EZEst in 1990, the first estimating tool in the auto
      industry that worked on a personal computer rather than a mainframe. Two
      years later, the company offered EZNet, the first system that connected
      insurers with repair shops. In this way, consumers would now find their
      claim data available to the repair shop as soon as they arrived. To
      continue to develop new products that would keep CCC in the forefront,
      Phillips needed more funding and in 1994 sold a 52-percent controlling
      interest to a White Plains, New York investment firm, White River Ventures
      Inc.
    

      Phillips stayed on to run the now privately owned CCC, which in 1996
      introduced Pathways, a suite of workflow-management products that dealt
      with the entire auto claims process. To raise funds for further product
      development, CCC was taken public once again in August 1996, raising $72
      million. White River retained a significant stake, which Harvard
      University would inherit two years later when the school acquired the
      fund. For the year 1996, the company generated sales of $131 million,
      resulting in a net profit of $14.8 million. The next major product launch
      came in 1998 with the Pathways Image Library. It relied on the Internet to
      store and retrieve digital photos of cars used in the claims process. In
      this way, a mechanic in a repair shop could photograph a car and quickly
      send the image online to an insurer's claims office.
    


        Company Perspectives:
      


          CCC has one overriding goal: to put people back into their cars
          faster.
        



      While CCC was building a solid reputation in the 1990s, especially with
      insurers, the company was not without its share of critics. Its Total Loss
      Valuation product was cited in a number of lawsuits filed against
      insurance companies by unhappy policyholders, who contended that insurers
      undervalued "totaled" vehicles. Plaintiff attorneys argued
      that the reason CCC was so popular with insurers was its proclivity for
      giving the lowest price possible for a total loss evaluation. CCC
      primarily based its valuation on the "take price" for a
      vehicle comparable to the one that was lost. Take Prices, according to the
      attorneys, excluded sales commissions and represented the lowest amount a
      dealer would sell a vehicle to a cash customer that day. Because CCC did
      not determine the settlement amount, it was not a party in the litigation.
      Furthermore, since insurance companies were its major customers, CCC
      suffered no adverse impact from the controversy.
    



      New Leadership and Continued Growth: Late 1990s to Mid-2000s
    

      After Phillips retired in April 1999, he was replaced by Githesh
      Ramamurthy, who had joined CCC as chief technology officer in 1992.
      Several years later, Ramamurthy won a patent for the company's
      claims processing software design. Having been a part of CCC major
      investment in new product development, he was eager to launch a new
      research and development push, this time to leverage the power of the
      Internet to increase the number of daily transactions from one million to
      ten million. He poured an estimate $100 million into new economy
      initiatives, as well as an expansion into Europe and a handful of
      business-to-business joint ventures, including one with partners Automatic
      Data Processing Inc. and Reynolds & Reynolds Co. to create a
      Web-based system for repair shops to help them find parts, arrange
      delivery, and then get their claims paid by insurers. In 2000, CCC
      launched DriveLogic, its integrated information system for Internet and
      wireless technology.
    

      CCC's adoption of a new economy strategy was ill fated, however, as
      the Internet bubble burst and the stock market began to plummet in 2000.
      Previously debt free, CCC was now burdened with $60 million in debt and
      much of its cash flow was being consumed by its new ventures. Although
      sales increased to $184.6 million in 2000, the company lost $9.2 million.
      The following year, it lost another $30.6 million on sales of $187.9
      million.
    

      With the company on the verge of ruin, Ramamurthy was forced to take
      decisive steps. He withdrew from all of the new ventures, with the
      exception of DriveLogic, and slashed the company's 1,500 workforce
      almost in half. Ramamurthy also arranged for new financing of $35 million
      from New York-based Capricorn Holdings Inc. and Harvard. As a result of
      these steps, CCC was able to rebound in 2002, trimming its debt and
      returning to profitability, netting $22.7 million on sales of $191.9
      million.
    

      In 2003, CCC increased its repair shop customer base by acquiring
      Columbus, Ohio-based Comp-Est Estimating Solutions Inc. from Hearst Corp.
      In addition to adding another 4,500 customers, CCC added additional
      electronic estimating and other tools used by collision repair shops. CCC
      also improved its position in the marketplace in 2003 by rolling out
      upgraded versions of CCC Pathways, CCC Autoverse, and CCC Pathways
      Professional Advantage. Although sales grew modestly in 2003, totaling
      $193.4 million, net income increased solidly to $26 million. Moreover, the
      company was well positioned to take advantage of an anticipated increase
      in information technology spending by its customers. In 2004, revenues
      reached $198.7 million, although net income slipped to $18.6 million.
      Nevertheless, CCC continued to position itself for ongoing growth. During
      the year, it introduced the first integrated estimating system, CCC
      Pathways Estimating Solution, version4.2, which combined auditing, digital
      imaging, shop management, and frame-dimension applications in a single
      package, eliminating the need to refer to a separate CD-ROM for additional
      information or to buy a separate auditing tool. CCC looked to expand its
      reach beyond automobiles to the recreational vehicle and motorcycle
      industries, forging alliances with Duncan Systems, a leading player in the
      RV estimating data field, and Urban Publications, the leading provider of
      estimating services for motorcycles, ATVs, and scooters. For a start, CCC
      would resell its partners' products, but it was also launching an
      effort to incorporate them into other CCC systems. The company, as a
      result, looked to solidify its leading position in the claims marketplace.
    



      Principal Subsidiaries
    

      CCC Information Services Inc.
    


        Key Dates:
      



            1980:
          


          Howard Tullman founds Certified Collateral Corporation.
        


            1983:
          


          The company is taken public.
        


            1986:
          


          The company's name is changed to CCC Information Services Inc.
        


            1989:
          


          Tullman sells the company to a group led by David M. Philips.
        


            1994:
          


          White Plains Ventures takes the company private.
        


            1996:
          


          The company is taken public again.
        


            1999:
          


          Phillips retires.
        


            2003:
          


          Comp-Est Estimating Solutions Inc. is acquired.
        





      Principal Competitors
    

      Applied Systems, Inc.; Automatic Data Processing, Inc.; Mitchell
      International, Inc.
    



      Further Reading
    

      Bonasia, J., "CCC Software Hits Accelerator on Auto Insurance
      Process," 
      
        Investor's Business Daily
      
      , November 5, 2002, p. A9.
    

      Bremner, Brian, "Cert. Collateral Expands Linkups," 
      
        Crain's Chicago Business
      
      , May 18, 1987, p. 17.
    

      ——, "Potent Rival Looms as Latest Threat to
      CCC," 
      
        Crain's Chicago Business
      
      , October 12, 1987, p. 71.
    

      "Company Fights Used-car Crime with Computers," 
      
        Chicago Sun-Times
      
      , July 25, 1985, p. 94.
    

      Gerrie, Sharon, "Lawyers Go After Insurance Companies on Car
      Pricing," 
      
        Las Vegas Business Press
      
      , September 13, 1999, p. 7.
    

      Johnsson, Julie, "Surviving the Net Wreck," 
      
        Crain's Chicago Business
      
      , September 2, 2002, p. 4.
    

      Lee, Murphy H., "Big Contracts Fuel Car-repair Data Firm," 
      
        Crain's Chicago Business
      
      , May 5, 1997, p. 20.
    

      "Powering the Auto Claims Evolution," 
      
        Claims
      
      , December 2001,p. A-4.
    



      —Ed Dinger
    










User Contributions:


Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:





Name:



E-mail:



Show my email publicly



Type the code shown:








Public Comment: (50-4000 characters)





 Send comment



 
CCC Information Services Group Inc. Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on CCC Information Services Group Inc. forum




			CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc.
		

			CDC Corporation
		 





















Company Histories













Home
 Company Histories

Company Histories


Company Histories - General Information


Company Histories - 1-Al


Company Histories - Al-Be


Company Histories - Be-C


Company Histories - Ca-Ch


Company Histories - Ci-Da


Company Histories - De-En


Company Histories - En-Ge


Company Histories - Ge-He


Company Histories - He-Ja


Company Histories - Ja-Lo


Company Histories - Lo-Me


Company Histories - Mi-Nu


Company Histories - Oe-Pa


Company Histories - Pa-Ql


Company Histories - Qu-Ro


Company Histories - Ro-Sh


Company Histories - Sh-St


Company Histories - St-Th


Company Histories - Th-Ul


Company Histories - Ul-Vi


Company Histories - Vi-Z














Claims Management Software - Auto Body Shop Estimating Software - CCC                   
  





CCCNewsAboutSupportCareers

Insurance CarriersFeaturedSolutionsTelematicsAPD ClaimsCasualty ClaimsMobile SolutionsIndependent AppraisersSmart Digital SolutionsFind My CCC TeamIndustry TrendsCrash CourseTelematicsAPD ClaimsIntake and AssignOpen ShopPredictive MOIInjury CausationEvaluate and ReviewEstimating ToolsClaims WorkflowMedical Bill ReviewValuation ServicesMeasure and OptimizeRepair Status with CSIScorecardSettle and RestoreRepair StatusIndependent AppraiserCasualty ClaimsCollision RepairersFeaturedSolutionsEstimatingShop ManagementConsumer EngagementRepair MethodsDRPPartsFind My CCC TeamFind Parts SuppliersElevate My PerformanceTestimonialsCarwiseTalkin’ ShopSolution Resource LibraryGet CCC OneEstimatingSmall Business SolutionCCC Parts ShoppingShop ManagementElectronic Parts InvoicingCCC ONE Contact CenterConsumer EngagementCarwise Shop FinderCCC ONE RideRepair MethodsDRPOpen ShopPartsCCC Parts ShoppingParts-A-PaloozaFind A SupplierPart SuppliersFeaturedDealership SolutionsRecycler SolutionsAftermarket SolutionsTestimonialsSupplier Resource CenterDealership SolutionsRecycler SolutionsAftermarket SolutionsNewsAboutCareersSupportInsurance CarriersFeaturedTelematicsAPD ClaimsCasualty ClaimsCollision RepairersFeaturedEstimatingShop ManagementConsumer EngagementRepair MethodsDRPPartsPart SuppliersFeaturedDealership SolutionsRecycler SolutionsAftermarket SolutionsNewsAboutCareersSupport



Turning today's data into tomorrow's innovationFor over 30 years, CCC has led the industry in innovative claims and repair solutions. Although the tools and technologies have advanced exponentially, the mission has remained the same: to get drivers back into their cars quickly after an accident. Armed with vast amounts of historical data, CCC is pioneering smart digital solutions and helping customers nationwide make more informed, more accurate decisions. All at the speed of thought.
Learn more about OUR Smart Digital™ SOLUTIONSWhat we’re working on right now 
"It's Happening"  Crash Course 2017 now available!
Download the report						 
CCC ONE UpdatePlus improves customer satisfaction.
Learn more about UpdatePlus						 
Want a higher performing shop?
Learn more about Elevate						 
Keep ahead of the latest trends
Watch this month's update						

 
We’re making it easier for repairers to buy parts.Get Live Quotes. Buy Parts Online. Receive Electronic Invoices. It’s all here.Learn more about PartsReal reviews from real customers.Complete your Carwise profile and map a course to new customers.Learn more about CarwiseImprove collaboration with collision repairers.The CCC ONE Total Repair Platform is the only solution that combines estimating, shop management and DRP performance.Learn more about Open ShopCrash Course 2017 now available!Get the report and stay current on industry trends.Download NowINDUSTRIES WE SERVE 
Insurance Carriers					
We focus on what matters most to you: getting your insured back into their cars quickly, safely and cost effectively.TelematicsAPD ClaimsCasualty Claims 
Collision Repairers					
The CCC ONE Total Repair Platform is the only solution that combines estimating, shop management and DRP performance in ONE simple application.EstimatingRepairWorkflowDRPPartsRepair MethodsConsumer Engagement 
Part Suppliers					
Get connected to the network that helps you sell more parts.Dealership SolutionsRecycler SolutionsAftermarket Solutions   
  
        



Products & Services - Cisco





















































































































































Home
Skip to content
Skip to footer

















Cisco.com Worldwide Home


Guest






Search























Products & Services











This area helps you find the right product for your business needs. If you are looking for troubleshooting, installation, technical documentation, or downloads, you will get them faster in our technical support area.
 




















Let Us Help





Chat Now


Contact Us






  

Chat live with a Cisco representative







Cisco:

Welcome to Cisco!
How can I help you?



No Thanks
Chat Now






Email Us
 | 
Request a Price


Find a Local Reseller


        	
            	Call 1-866-428-9596
        	
            
            US/CAN
            
                 | 
            
            5am-5pm Pacific
       	

Other Countries


















Products by Technology




















Networking









Switches


Routers


Wireless


Network Management


Interfaces & Modules


Optical Networking










See all Networking



 










Wireless and Mobility









Access Points


Outdoor and Industrial Access Points


Controllers










See all Wireless and Mobility



 










Security









Next-Generation Firewalls


Advanced Malware Protection


Policy and Access


VPN Security Clients


Email Security


Web Security










See all Security



 












Collaboration









Collaboration Endpoints


Conferencing


Customer Care


Unified Communications










See all Collaboration



 










Data Center









Servers - Unified Computing


Data Center Management and Automation


Data Center Security


Data Center Switches


Hyperconverged Infrastructure


Storage Networking


Virtual Networking










See all Data Center



 










Analytics









Data and Analytics


Data Center Analytics


Network Analytics (DNA Analytics and Assurance)










See all Analytics



 












Video









Video Endpoints


Video Entertainment


Video Intelligence


Digital Signage










See all Video



 










Internet of Things









Connectivity


IoT Analytics


Embedded Networks


IoT Management


IOx and Fog Applications










See all IoT



 










Software









IOS & NX-OS


Cisco ONE for Access


Cisco ONE for WAN


Cisco ONE for Data Center Networking


Cisco ONE for Data Center Compute and Cloud


Cisco ONE for Advanced Security










See all Software



 









                                    
                                        A-Z Product Index
                                    
                                












Products by Company Type















Service Providers
 










Small Business
 










Midsize
 














Services















Advisory

Achieve desired business results with technology guidance and expertise.  










Implementation

Speed deployments and simplify IT with proven methods.  










Training

Develop talent truly capable of transforming businesses in the digital age.  












Optimization

Improve efficiency, performance, and productivity to boost the value of your resources.  










Managed

Manage and optimize your IT and network assets in the cloud and on-premises.  










Technical

Keep IT working consistently, efficiently, and securely.  












                                    
                                        View all Cisco Services
                                    
                                














Design guides by category







Networking guides







Mobility guides







Security guides







Industries guides







Data center and cloud guides







Collaboration guides




View all design guides












 









End-of-Life Products









End-of-Sale and End-of-Life Products


End-of-Life Policy







 




Tools









Build & Price


Cisco Software Central


Feature Navigator










See all product tools



 




Resources









Cisco Mobile Apps


Cisco Validated Designs


DevNet


Marketplace Solutions Catalog


Product Approvals


Product Identification Standard


Product Warranties


Security Advisories


Security Vulnerability Policy


Visio Stencils







 
















Chat Now


Contact Us




  

Chat live with a Cisco representative







Cisco:

Welcome to Cisco!
How can I help you?



No Thanks
Chat Now






Local Resellers


Technical Support


























/wps/wcm/connect/npd
npd_us

NPD Group - Market Research | Consumer Shopping Trends



















































Log In














 























Select your country

 



















 





























{}




















Display content menu







Display portlet menu












































Your browser does not support the video tag.






Back to Basics

Things cycle back into style eventually. From fashion and footwear, to food, technology, toys, office supplies, beauty, and books, see what nostalgic trends and products are back with a vengeance (for now at least).

Read More 















We Help You Measure, Predict, and Improve Your Business—Advising Along the Way


By combining our retail and consumer data with industry expertise and business solutions, NPD partners with you to measure, predict, and improve your business, advising you on strategy to give you a winning advantage.
Read More







Read More











2017 Back-to-School Shopping Trends


What are U.S. consumers buying for the 2017 school year online and in-stores across apparel, office supplies, footwear, sports, home, and technology? See how tax-free shopping and Prime Day impact spending.
Read More







Read More











2018 Wireless Headphones Sales Infographic


Our Analytic Solutions and technology industry experts forecast the wireless headphone segment to grow $2.2B through 2018. Which price points and headphone types will drive the market?
Read More







Read More











What Diamond Shape and Size Are Trending?


There has always been a clear preference for 1 carat, round shape diamonds—but this is changing. Find out what diamond shape is trending and how much retailers pay per carat in this infographic. 
Read More







Read More































Global Toy Sales Grew by 3 Percent in the First Half of 2017, Reports The NPD Group


Toy industry sales are up 3 percent from January through June 2017 across the global markets tracked by The NPD Group, a leading global information company. NPD estimates that the industry will grow approximately 4 percent for the full year.

Read Press Release











Hydration is a Hot Spot for the U.S. Outdoor Industry, Reports The NPD Group


Water may seem like a small luxury, but consumers are showing that they are willing to pay the price for it. According to global information company The NPD Group, Inc., hydration represents a $345.7 million category within the core U.S. outdoor industry*, with sales up 16 percent in the 12 months ending May 2017.

Read Press Release











Apparel Consumers Are Subscribing to a New Way of Shopping, Reports NPD 


Apparel subscription services, like Stitch Fix and Trunk Club, and introduction of Amazon’s Prime Wardrobe, are examples of the hottest new shopping channel in the swiftly evolving  $217.6 billion U.S. apparel market*, reports The NPD Group, a leading global information company.

Read Press Release











Micro Restaurant Chains Grow in Major Cities As Successful Independent Restaurants Expand


The next step for a successful single- to two- unit restaurant, an independent restaurant, is to grow into a micro-chain of three to 19 units.

Read Press Release











U.S. Toy Industry Grows its Sales by 3 Percent Mid-Way Through 2017, Reports The NPD Group 


The U.S. toy industry grew its dollar sales by 3 percent in the first half of 2017*, according to global information company The NPD Group.

Read Press Release
























Case Study: How a Restaurant Chain Recognized the Powerful Lift of Limited-Time Offers


An 800+ unit fast casual restaurant chain asked us to measure the performance impact of its limited time offer for fried green tomatoes. Did this LTO bring in new buyers, sales, or drive frequency? Find out in this case study. 
                Read More







Read More 



















Are Beard Oils the New Aftershave?




As a kid, I used to watch my dad shave his face. I especially loved it when he would clap his face with aftershave, look into the mirror and say, “Damn, I’m handsome,” signaling the completion of his manly ablutions. I once watched my husband shave his face, but his ritual lacked the panache that my dad’s did.

Read Blog













Personalizing Prime?




We recently welcomed Alexa into my family through Amazon’s latest virtual assistant option, the Echo Show.  She claimed prime real-estate on the kitchen counter thanks to her new seven inch touchscreen and was a big hit during a recent gathering with friends.

Read Blog













Sneakernomics: The State of the Outdoor Business




The overall state of the U.S. outdoor business has not been very good. According to data from NPD’s Retail Tracking Service, dollar sales are down year-to-date through May 2017 compared to the same period one year ago, across the men’s, women’s, and kids’ markets.

Read Blog













4 Calculations for Retail to Study This Back-to-School Season




The back-to-school shopping season has gotten trickier to focus in on as a retailer.

Read Blog













You’ve Heard of KGOY, But What About AGYO?




I’m sure many of you have felt this same feeling as I have… I might look older on the outside, but I feel like I’m still 25 on the inside.

Read Blog




























Data and Solutions for Better Business Decisions


The NPD Group can help you see what others cannot – the current realities and future possibilities for your industry, your customers, and your business. Through our unique data assets, industry expertise, and analytic solutions, we help you get the right products in the right places for the right people, giving you a winning advantage.
The world’s most successful brands trust us to measure performance, predict future performance, improve marketing and product development, and advise on business and consumer trends and market opportunities.
  

How do we do it? Only NPD combines consumer and retail data with industry expertise and business solutions to give you a winning advantage.
We cover more than 20 industries, with unique information assets, based on:

Actual point-of-sale (POS) data from retailers, distributors, and foodservice operators
More than 1,250 retailers, representing 300,000 stores worldwide, provide point-of-sale data to us.
Millions of receipts through all channels (including e-commerce)
More than 12 million consumer surveys annually

Unparalleled information, combined with best-in-class data modeling, and industry expertise enable us to go beyond reporting past performance, to also forecast where markets are headed. Our Analytic Solutions division helps our clients improve performance by identifying and targeting buyers, showing dollar value of their brands, and evaluating and guiding pricing and promotion decisions. And our team of industry advisors is available to provide direction to help you navigate the rapidly changing business landscape.


Show MoreLess














Newsletter

Subscribe and get key market trends and insights relevant to your industry each month.






We will not sell your information. View our privacy policy.


































Complementary Content





${title}${badge}



${loading}








 

	IRI - Delivering Growth for CPG, Retail, and Healthcare




















































 































































Solutions




Market Performanceand Strategy

Market Measurement
Audit
Strategy
Innovation



Consumer andShopper 

Insights
Segmentation
Innovation
Targeting
Activation



Analytics andIn-Market Execution

Price and Promotion
Assortment
Supply Chain




Media

Planning
Targeting
Activation
Measurement
Optimization



Retail

Collaborative Gateways
Retail Price and Promotion
Retail Assortment
Retail Media and Activation 




Technology

Big Data
Cloud
Private Cloud
Apps
Mobile







Results




 Market Performance
                                            and Strategy

Market Measurement
Innovation    



Consumer and
                                            Shopper 

Insights 
Segmentation 
Targeting    
Activation  



Analytics and
                                            In-Market Execution

Price and Promotion  
  Assortment  




 Media

Planning    
  Targeting    
Measurement
Optimization 



Retail

Collaborative Gateways
Retail Assortment  
Retail Price and Promotion



 Technology

Big Data
Private Cloud







Insights




Publications


Blog


News


Press Releases


Experts 


Training






Company




Overview

About Us
Leadership
Board of Directors
Governance 



News

Press Releases
Events
Media Coverage
Analyst Reports
Media Data Requests



Connect

Careers
Partners
Contact Us
Subscribe



Follow

















Country






Australia
Canada
France





Germany
Greece
Hong Kong





Italy
Korea
Netherlands





New Zealand
Spain
South Africa





Sweden
United Kingdom
United States



















































         
      



             IRI Personalization Suite
          



            Unprecedented access to real-time analysis and optimization to personalize consumer marketing and measure effectiveness of advertising impact on sales.
          



Learn More












         
      



            Top Analysts Recognize IRI
          



            IRI listed as a leader in measurement and analytics.
          



Learn More












         
      



            Boost Retail Sales
          



            Retailers can provide personalized offers and optimize campaigns through unique insights and collaborative supplier relationships. 
          



Learn More












         
      



            Growth delivered.® it’s what we do




            Powerful market and consumer insights ignite growth for CPG, retail, OTC health care and media companies. 
          



Learn More













			Media Measurement
		


				Measure and optimize campaigns quickly and accurately to improve ROAS by up to 70 percent. 
			






				Learn More
			





			High-Value Customers
		


				Identify top-spending households and capture a greater share of wallet for outsized growth. 
			






				Learn More
			





			Preferred Provider
		


				Southeastern Grocers has selected IRI for market measurement, loyalty and supply chain.
			






				Learn More
			





 








Australia
Canada
France
Germany
Greece
Hong Kong
Italy
Korea
Netherlands
New Zealand
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom
United States



➟




 Remember my selection for countries in IRIWorldwide.com (A cookie will be stored)


       
    “This site uses cookies. Cookies are small test files which are placed on your computer and which remember your preferences. Our cookies do not collect personal information. For more information please see our cookie policy. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.”
    
    


















Product Information and Services - Kedron Owners Group Inc.





















Jump to content




Public Access Area





















Existing user? Sign In





Sign In















Remember me 

	Not recommended on shared computers










Sign in anonymously 




Sign In


Forgot your password?









						Sign Up
				



















Product Information and Services


 Sign in to follow this  

Followers
0





Whilst KOG welcomes members & visitors posting & contributing on this thread, the Kedron Owners Group Inc. does not/cannot endorse, recommend or warrant any product &/or service on this website.








14 topics in this forum



Sort By 

Recently Updated
Last Reply
Title
Start Date
Most Viewed
Most Replies

Custom












									Replacement battery charger
								





							By 
TonyH, 
						June 21




2
 replies


119
 views









BobR



June 25










									Fridge fans
								





							By 
Gary Clarke, 
						May 21




6
 replies


200
 views









Merv and Di



May 26










									National Caravan Service Directory
								





							By 
Peter and Jo, 
						October 20, 2016




8
 replies


569
 views









Wandering Slaters



May 10










									Locker Venting
								





							By 
FNQCarters, 
						December 3, 2016




3
 replies


286
 views









FNQCarters



December 5, 2016










									Caravan Covers
								





							By 
Ecoranger, 
						December 3, 2016
						
						
							  
							


	
		

ecoranger






0
 replies


128
 views









Ecoranger



December 3, 2016










									Air command air conditioning unit life expectancy?
								





							By 
The Goodys, 
						September 29, 2016




3
 replies


341
 views









The Goodys



October 26, 2016










									Clearview mirrors
								


1
2





							By 
Peter and Janelle Doyle, 
						April 27, 2015




25
 replies


2,928
 views









TonyH



September 10, 2016










									Satellite TV
								





							By 
HelenGraham, 
						March 21, 2016




3
 replies


537
 views









GraemeY



March 21, 2016










									Water leak - repair required
								





							By 
The Professional Layabouts, 
						January 16, 2016




2
 replies


504
 views









Sandra



January 17, 2016










									Denied insurance claims
								





							By 
Whippletree, 
						December 8, 2015
						
						
							  
							


	
		

5th wheelers


cracked chassis


(and 1 more) 

Tagged with:


5th wheelers


cracked chassis


denied claims









0
 replies


515
 views









Whippletree



December 8, 2015










									Towing mirrors
								





							By 
BJW44, 
						November 12, 2015




11
 replies


857
 views









John and Jo



December 6, 2015










									Ceramic Cooktop and Heater
								





							By 
Guest Graeme Yost, 
						November 7, 2015




0
 replies


408
 views









						
							
Guest Graeme Yost
						
					


November 7, 2015










									Diesel Cooktop And Heater
								





							By 
GraemeY, 
						October 4, 2015




2
 replies


1,032
 views









GraemeY



October 5, 2015










									Clearview Mirrors
								





							By 
Gilly, 
						March 19, 2015




0
 replies


1,019
 views









Gilly



March 19, 2015









 Sign in to follow this  

Followers
0










×







Existing user? Sign In


Sign Up





Browse

Back
Browse


					Forums
				



					Calendar
				



					Guidelines
				



					Staff
				



					Online Users
				



Membership and Information

Activity

Back
Activity


					All Activity
				



					My Activity Streams
				



					Unread Content
				



					Content I Started
				



					Search
				




Support

Back
Support


					Support
				



Leaderboard



















     
	ISG - Global Technology Research and Advisory Firm
                 

                                                                                      


English    


English
Deutsch
Français
Italiano
Português
Español



 
Who We Are
ISG Insights
Industries
Investors
Careers
Contact Us
       





    search










       



                    contact us
                    




       






Thinking about Cognitive: The Automation Journey Continues

Learn more





As-a-Service Near Parity with Traditional Sourcing

Learn more





Irrational Digital Exuberance

Learn more






















 



Upcoming Event:
×


September 19-20, 2017
London, UK
Learn More





 

IMAGINE YOUR FUTURE
The world is changing, and ISG is changing with it. Our market-leading research and insights help us get ahead of the trends, so we can help enterprises optimize performance, enhance customer relationships and accelerate growth. In essence, we’re working to make sure our clients achieve successful long-term business transformation. ISG is the industry pioneer … and we’re still leading the way.












Digital Transformation: Mastering the Change






Managing Risk for the Digital Revolution

Companies on the way to digital transformation must deal with constant change. 

read more







Irrational Digital Exuberance







Rethinking the Human-Machine Relationship












Retooling the Workplace for Tomorrow






Building the Workplace of the Future

The future of the workplace is about the future of people.

read more







HR Embraces Robotics Process Automation







SaaS Maintenance Can Be Harder Than You Think: Is Outsourcing AMS the Answer?







Thinking about Cognitive: The Automation Journey Continues







The Robots Are Coming: Prepare, Don’t Scare Your Employees












Achieving Operational Excellence and Growth






The Answers Higher Ed Needs Before Selecting an ERP System in the Cloud

Even the most picturesque academic setting and the noblest of scholarly goals are dependent on a complex network of back-office operations.

read more







Demystifying the Potential for IT Services







Geopolitical Changes and Their Impact on Global Business Services







Let's Talk Business: How the CIO Can Enable Corporate Growth







Build your RPA Center of Excellence







What is the Way to Transformation?







The Danger of Staying the Course: Your Next IT Sourcing Contract Should Take a New Tack










               




Small Business Ideas and Resources for Entrepreneurs





































Startup 


Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build


Mercedes-Benz VansView




Lead 


Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 


Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 


Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 


Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 


The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 


Best Industries


30 Under 30


The Inc. Life


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 


Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 


Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 


Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 


Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 


Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 

















 


































Why Amazon Still Acts Like a Startup (Even Though It Makes More Than $100 Billion a Year)
By Sonia Thompson 









6 Leadership Lessons From an Ex-Starbucks Executive Who Went From Coffee to Kids
By Scott Mautz



1 Simple Way to Instantly Discover Your Life's Purpose (and Start Taking Action)
By Matthew Jones



A Brutal Truth About Following Your Passion and Doing What You Love That Few People Admit
By Jeff Haden



Tesla Assures Investors It Will Meet Model 3 Production Targets
By Dee-Ann Durbin


 









5 (Non-Lethal) Leadership Lessons from 'Game of Thrones'
By Emily Canal 





The Scientist Who Studied Einstein's Brain Learned That These 5 Factors Make You Smarter
By Mithu Storoni 




 
 











 









Sign Up for Today's 5 Must Reads


Sign Me Up




Follow inc.
















Thought leadership for business owners  What is this?





Amarilloview
Technology and Lifestyle Choices Spearhead Business Migration



inContactview
What Do Customers Want? Multiple Points of Support Contact



T-Mobileview
6 Best Practices to Win at Social Media Promotion



Liberty Mutual Insuranceview
8 Critical Elements of your Disaster-Recovery Plan



The UPS Store view
The Secret to Managing Your Marketing--Effortlessly



Capital Oneview
Want the Secret to Hiring Great Workers? It's Not Compensation














 




Special Reports














Disruptive 25

9 Books Every Founder Who Wants to Change the World Should Read
By Inc. Staff 


The Future of Farming May Not Involve Dirt or Sun



25 Groundbreaking Companies to Watch in 2017


See More on Disruptive 25









Best Workplaces 2017

We Asked 169,000 Workers About What Makes Their Workplace Great. Here's Their Take
By Greg Harris 


Why This High-Powered Company Goes Nuts Over Ping-Pong (Really. It's Way More Serious Than Yours)



Want to Earn More or Live Somewhere Else? This Company Can't Say No


See More on Best Workplaces 2017









World's Coolest Offices

The 10 Most Beautiful Offices of 2017 (Prepare to Be Jealous)
By Anna Hensel & Kevin J. Ryan 


							VIDEO							Inside the Spaceship: 7 Secrets of Apple's Incredible New Offices



							VIDEO							Facebook Is Building an Entire Town for Menlo Park Employees. Here's What It Looks Like


See More on World's Coolest Offices









30 Under 30

Meet the 30 Most Brilliant Young Entrepreneurs of 2017
By Inc. Staff 


5 Most Promising Industries for Millennial Entrepreneurs



9 Very Cool Products Everyone Will Be Talking About This Summer


See More on 30 Under 30









Founders 10

Meet the 10 Most Remarkably Entrepreneurial Public Companies in America
By Inc. Staff 


How a Family Tragedy Inspired This Founder to Help Pregnant Women​



Why This Wildly Successful Tech Company Is Obsessed With Employee Happiness


See More on Founders 10









More Stories

Popular
Latest




















Load More








Most Popular on Facebook

Too Many Job Seekers Are Bombing the Interview. Here Are 3 Mistakes to Avoid

Why Design Is the Best Bottom-Line Strategy

Good News for Designers: Companies Like Facebook and Google Are Hiring, But The Skill Set Required Is Changing

7 Reasons Why People are Going to Stick to Your Mobile App

How Do You Find Creative Solutions? Hire People Who Disagree With You


Most Watched

Tony Robbins Breaks the Science of Achievement Down to 3 Simple Steps

Dog Lovers: You Have to See Petco's San Diego Headquarters

Want to Become a Great Leader? Act Like a Student, Not an Expert

What 2 VCs Never Want to Hear in a Pitch

The Best Way to Win a Negotiation, According to a Harvard Business School Professor


From the Magazine

This Founder Left an Abusive Marriage at 18. Then She Launched 2 Multimillion-Dollar Companies

Want to Make Your Employee Training Better? Listen to Your Millennial Workers

This Family Built a Half-Billion-Dollar Business on Frozen Pies

Not Even Starbucks Was Built in a Day. How to Slow Down to Grow Fast

This Company Hired Its First Robo-Worker for $30,000--and Never Looked Back



 











 











 





Startup
Grow
Lead
Innovate
Technology
Money
Inc. 5000

Video




Events
Newsletters
Magazine
Inc. Radio
BrandView

Podcasts

Subscribe




Advertise
Privacy
Sitemap




SUBSCRIBE

Magazine
Digital Edition
FOLLOW INC.














                    COPYRIGHT 2017 MANSUETO VENTURES
                


 












  




















































Home  Toggle NavigationSign UpProductsInformationProcessingSolutionsAll ProductsCompanyAbout MarkitIntern ProgrammeMedia CenterOur TeamAlliance ProgrammeIndustry InvolvementEventsMarkit MagazineCareersAwardsInvestorsContact UsLogin to  Markit productsUse the login box to the right to login to the following Markit products. We are working on a corporate rebrand for our product names. Product names might differ after login.CDSCDS Reference DataCommentaryCounterparty ManagerDirectory AdminEnvironmental RegistryEquity Volatility DataETPIndicesLoansMSAPMIParsingResearch SignalsSourceStructured FinanceValuations ManagerSign UpForgot my passwordTerms of UseKeep me logged inKY3PSelectKY3PMarkitSERVSelectCredit Novation ConsentDSMatchEquity Derivatives RepositoryMarkitSERV PortalMarkitWireTie-OutsTrade ManagerPortfolio Management - WSOSelectMarkit WSOWebMarkit Agent ServicesMarkit Notice ManagerMarkit Loan Reference DataMarkit Corporate ActionsSelectMarkit Corporate ActionsMarkit | CTI Tax SolutionsSelectMD³®Pricing Data - Securities FinanceSelectSecurities Finance PortalTransaction ExplorerPerformance ExplorerInternational Index ExplorerUK Index ExplorerRisk ExplorerTransaction Cost AnalysisSelectMarkit Transaction Cost AnalysisMarkit BestExthinkFolioSelectthinkFolioInterested in Markit products?Markit delivers content, connectivity and technology designed to enhance how financial market participants operate. Get immediate access to our products and services.Sign UpSign up fora Markit loginFirst nameLast nameEmailPhoneAddressCityCountryAfghanistanÅland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBolivia, Plurinational State ofBonaire, Saint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, the Democratic Republic of theCook IslandsCosta RicaCôte d'IvoireCroatiaCubaCuraçaoCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and McDonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarRéunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint BarthélemySaint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and the South Sandwich IslandsSouth SudanSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuela, Bolivarian Republic ofViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabweState/ProvincePostal codeCompanyJob titleMarkit Product(s)Select a ProductInformationPricing DataBondsCDSCommodities DataLoansEquity Volatility DataSecurities FinanceFair ValueOTC Derivatives DataReference DataRED for CDSABCDSBondsLoansMapsIndicesPMIABXCDXCMBXLCDXMCDXPRIMEXTABXMBX, IOS & POiBoxxiTraxxIndex ManagementIndex ServicesHalifax House Price IndexiRxxTrading ServicesComplianceHubInteractionsEvaluationPaymentsResearch SignalsBestExTransaction Cost AnalysisRTS 28 Reporting SolutionMSAIndex & ETF Data ManagementExchange Traded ProductsSOLANOVAValuation ServicesPortfolio ValuationsPrivate Equity ServicesTotemValuations ManagerOTC ServicesAuctionsMetricsParsingRegistryData DeliveryCompressionDesktopResearch ServicesDividend ForecastingEconomics and Country RiskProcessingMarkitSERVDealHubLoan SolutionsCommodity TrackerLoan SettlementSolutionsRisk AnalyticsMarkit Enterprise Data Management (EDM)Counterparty ManagerMarkit | Genpact KYC ServicesKY3P™ (Know Your Third Party)Markit | CTI Tax SolutionsMarkit | Information MosaicMarkit Prime ServicesMarkit DigitalthinkFolioWSO SoftwareWSO ServicesCorporate ActionsIf you have any specific requirements, please provide them below. (optional)I agree to the terms of useI agree to the privacy and cookie policyThank youThank you for your interest in Markit. We will contact you shortly.CloseSubscribeFirst nameLast nameEmailPhoneCompanyJob titleGet Markit NewsEquitiesCreditEconomicsThank youThank you for your interest in Markit. We will contact you shortly.CloseSign UpFirst nameLast nameEmailCompanyJob titleInstitution TypeAcademicAccountantAsset ManagementBank (Prime Broker)Bank (Sell Side)Broker DealerClearingConsulting and AdvisoryCorporate (Non-Financial)ETF IssuerFamily OfficeFund Administrator/Custodian/Trustee/ServicerFund of FundsGovernment Institutions & RegulatorsHedge FundInsurance CompanyLaw FirmMedia/Press/PRPension FundPrivate Equity/Venture CapitalRatings AgencyResearch, IndependentSecurities Firm, InstitutionalSecurities Firm, Private BankSovereign Wealth FundTrade/Industry AssociationVendor – DataVendor – OtherVendor – RecruitmentVendor – ServicesVendor – SoftwareVendor – TechnologyPlease indicate how you would like to receive your copy of The Markit MagazineElectronic copyPrint copySearch Markit.com×Featured productsInformationLoans PricingMark-to-market pricing on over 6,500 loan facilities on a daily basis.Securities FinanceView insight into stock lending activity, short selling and institutional fund flow.ProcessingMarkitSERVMarkitSERV provides end-to-end, multi-asset trade processing services for trade confirmation, allocations, regulatory reporting and clearing.SolutionsMarkit EDMOur platform empowers business users who understand data to manage data.Markit on DemandMarkit On Demand is dedicated to the delivery and presentation of financial data, transforming complex information into elegant user experiences.Top 10 search terms:CDS, PMI, iTraxx, CMBX, Lance, CDX, ISDA Amend, ABX, IOS, iBoxxGet in touch with MarkitFirst nameLast nameEmailPhoneCompanyJob titleIf you have any specific requirements, please provide them below. (optional)MiFID II SOLUTIONSReady for MiFID II? See how we can help you.learn moreFRTB LAUNCHHelping to reduce capital impact under FRTBlearn moreSFTR SolutionHere to help answer the SFTR reporting challengelearn moreIntroducing a new perspective on loan market risklearn morePreviousNextCloseInformationProcessingSolutionsDebut of Position Reconciliation Portal for Syndicated LoansIHS Markit continues to drive integration and ease-of-use for loan managers with a new product for centralised reconciliation of data between agents and lendersMarkit launches FRTB Solution SuiteMarkit’s capital impact research shows our aggregated transaction data can result in a 40% reduction in capital requirementsIHS and Markit Announce Trading Symbol “INFO”“INFO” will reflect IHS Markit’s status as a global leader in critical information, analytics and solutionsCommentaryDeveloped world powers steady global upturn at start of third quarterEconomics | 03 August 2017China Composite PMI signals firmer start to third quarter but still no...Economics | 03 August 2017View MoreAbout CCC Information Services                 
  





CCCNewsAboutSupportCareers

Insurance CarriersFeaturedSolutionsTelematicsAPD ClaimsCasualty ClaimsMobile SolutionsIndependent AppraisersSmart Digital SolutionsFind My CCC TeamIndustry TrendsCrash CourseTelematicsAPD ClaimsIntake and AssignOpen ShopPredictive MOIInjury CausationEvaluate and ReviewEstimating ToolsClaims WorkflowMedical Bill ReviewValuation ServicesMeasure and OptimizeRepair Status with CSIScorecardSettle and RestoreRepair StatusIndependent AppraiserCasualty ClaimsCollision RepairersFeaturedSolutionsEstimatingShop ManagementConsumer EngagementRepair MethodsDRPPartsFind My CCC TeamFind Parts SuppliersElevate My PerformanceTestimonialsCarwiseTalkin’ ShopSolution Resource LibraryGet CCC OneEstimatingSmall Business SolutionCCC Parts ShoppingShop ManagementElectronic Parts InvoicingCCC ONE Contact CenterConsumer EngagementCarwise Shop FinderCCC ONE RideRepair MethodsDRPOpen ShopPartsCCC Parts ShoppingParts-A-PaloozaFind A SupplierPart SuppliersFeaturedDealership SolutionsRecycler SolutionsAftermarket SolutionsTestimonialsSupplier Resource CenterDealership SolutionsRecycler SolutionsAftermarket SolutionsNewsAboutCareersSupportInsurance CarriersFeaturedTelematicsAPD ClaimsCasualty ClaimsCollision RepairersFeaturedEstimatingShop ManagementConsumer EngagementRepair MethodsDRPPartsPart SuppliersFeaturedDealership SolutionsRecycler SolutionsAftermarket SolutionsNewsAboutCareersSupport
CCC > About CCCAbout CCC
CCC is committed to being your one true partner.Through innovation, experience, strong leadership, and a sense of community, we’re dedicated to improving collision repair and claims management processes for our clients.CCC provides leading automotive claims, repair and telematics solutions that drive efficiencies and enable our clients to make smarter decisionsCCC brings together what matters most – insight to make the best decisions, connections into the industry’s leading automotive claims network, and superior productivity through innovative cloud, mobile, hyper-scale technologies and apps.Founded in 1980, CCC is the nation’s leading provider of advanced software, workflow tools, and enabling technologies to automotive collision repairers, property/casualty insurance carriers, OE manufacturers, and part suppliers. Its client base includes more than 350 insurance companies and more than 22,000 repair facilities. In addition:The CCC TRUE® Parts Network connects hundreds of parts suppliers with repairers, CCC DRIVE, helps insurance companies and OE manufacturers create custom telematics solutions to meet their short- and long-term needs, andAuto Injury Solutions, a CCC company, delivers customizable, end-to-end, casualty insurance solutions for the handling of first and third party claims.CCC processes the majority of automotive claims in the U.S. each year. Our software solutions improve our customers’ ability to efficiently manage the claims and repair process by improving communication between property and casualty insurance carriers, repair facilities, parts providers, OE manufacturers, rental car companies and vehicle owners.Our decision-support tools draw from insights contained in our extensive data warehouse, which includes aggregated claims and repair information from millions of claims-related transactions processed through CCC over the last 30 years. CCC leads the industry in technology innovation and continues to make strategic investments in areas that will help existing and future customers get consumers back in their cars quickly following an accident.DataWe have access to the most claims data in the industry from which we gather the best insight to continually build even better solutions.NetworkWe connect more insurers to more repairers than anybody else in the industry.PlatformWe have a powerful shop platform that enables us to launch new shop solutions significantly faster than our competitors can.19801981198219831987199019911993199620022004200620082010201120112013201320142015
Certified Collateral Corporation starts with 10 employees and $500,000. Company’s premise: Following a total loss, CCC can locate accurate replacement vehicles through an established dealership network.
Certified Collateral changes its track and becomes a total loss valuations company by putting to use its extensive, already-amassed vehicle information into a new concept called a “Database.”
Certified Collateral begins offering Computerized Valuation Services – a single, electronically produced sheet of information containing pertinent vehicle information, at $35 per valuation.
To better aid fraud detection efforts, Certified Collateral develops VINguard, giving claims staffers a detailed “life history” report of a vehicle by tracking its VIN information.
Certified Collateral Corporation becomes CCC Information Services Inc.
CCC releases EZEst, a product that is “easy to use, completely portable, interactive, creates easy-to-read estimates, and will run on any MS-DOS, IBM-compatible computer.
Autobody Division is launched, connecting and implementing 1,300 shops in the first year.
CCC offers EZNet®, industry’s first communication system linking insurers with collision repairers.
Pathways®  is introduced; labeled as first workflow management suite of products designed as an integrated answer for streamlining entire estimating process.
Introduction of CCC Autoverse®, a Web-based claims application.
CCC Introduces next generation reinspection tool, CCC Accumark.™  Designed to create a more efficient reinspection process.
CCC is taken private by Investcorp; expands with acquisition of  ProcessClaims.
CCC challenges collision software conventions with CCC ONE Total Repair Platform.
CCC ONE Total Repair Platform reaches 1,000-location mark.
CCC launches CCC ONE Mobile, putting desktop-sized power into hands of Apple iPhone users.
One-million estimates written with CCC ONE Estimating.
CCC acquires Injury Sciences, the leader in providing insurance carriers with scientifically based analytic tools to help identify fraudulent injury claims.
CCC goes live with the CCC TRUE Parts Network, connecting parts suppliers and repairers for the seamless purchase of parts.
CCC acquires Auto Injury Solutions, helping CCC create the broadest solutions for auto claims management.
CCC acquires DriveFactor, an innovative leader in the insurance telematics space, bringing the power of telematics to the entire insurance policy spectrum – marketing, underwriting, and claims.


Githesh RamamurthyChairman & Chief Executive OfficerGithesh has held several key management positions since joining CCC in 1992 as EVP of product engineering and CTO. In 1997 he became president and COO. In June 2000, he was elected chairman of the board.
Mary Jo PriggePresident, Service OperationsMary Jo leads all aspects of service and support. Her team delivers best-in-class support to customers through many channels, including CCC ONE Valuation operations, product implementation and delivery, customer and internal training and technical support operations.
Andrew BalbirerExecutive Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerJoining CCC in 2005, Andy is responsible for enabling services, which include finance, human resources and legal. He has twenty years experience in senior financial and general management positions.
Pete MorowskiExecutive Vice President, Products & TechnologyPete has responsibility for CCC product development, product management, architecture, IT operations & infrastructure, business applications, and product strategy and marketing.
Joe AllenGeneral Manager and Senior Vice President, Automotive Services GroupJoe is currently the General Manager and Senior Vice President for the Automotive Services Group at CCC Information Services.
Barrett CallaghanGeneral Manager and Senior Vice President, Insurance Services GroupBarrett is responsible for developing, directing and implementing sales, account management and consulting strategies across CCC's insurance clients.
James DickensGeneral Manager and Executive Vice President, Supply ChainSince joining CCC in 1991, Jim has held various senior-level positions with the company including: senior vice president of Marketing and Product Management and vice president of the Automotive Services Group.
Kevin HoGeneral Manager and Senior Vice President, ChinaKevin joined CCC in 2010, when CCC opened its first operation in Beijing. Kevin has been responsible for CCC's entry into China and brings approximately 20 years of experience.
Matthew ElgesPresident, Auto Injury SolutionsMatt has over 12 years of experience and executive leadership in the Insurance Industry. He has held executive claims positions at several insurance companies, and that experience has given him a deep understanding of the industry's end-to-end claims process, with a focus on medical-related claims.
Gary NewmanSenior Vice President and Chief Human Resources OfficerJoining in 2006, Gary is responsible for CCC's human resources and people development strategy. This includes: talent and performance management, organizational change and more.
David MerrittSenior Vice President, General Counsel and SecretaryDave joined CCC in 2000 and has been the Company's General Counsel since 2006. In that role, Dave is responsible for managing the company's legal and regulatory affairs.
Marc FredmanSenior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and DevelopmentMarc is responsible for CCC’s corporate strategy and long-term planning. He also leads the company's corporate development activities.
Andreas HechtSenior Vice President and General Manager of OEMJoining CCC in 2017,  Andreas brings many years of experience in the industry to his role as SVP and General Manager of CCC's OEM initiatives.
  
  
        