
Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (IPG.N)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (IPG.N)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerAdvertising & Marketing












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				IPG.N on New York Stock Exchange


				21.85USD
12:16pm EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.15


					            (+0.69%)
					        






Prev Close

$21.70


Open

$21.70




Day's High

$22.01


Day's Low

$21.66




Volume

283,819


Avg. Vol

986,683




52-wk High

$25.71


52-wk Low

$20.94












					Full Description



The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc., incorporated on September 18, 1930, is a global advertising and marketing services company. The Company specializes in consumer advertising, digital marketing, communications planning and media buying, public relations and specialized communications disciplines. It operates in two segments: Integrated Agency Networks (IAN) and Constituency Management Group (CMG). Its agencies offer customized marketing programs for clients that range in scale from global marketers to regional and local clients. IAN consists of McCann Worldgroup, FCB, MullenLowe Group, IPG Mediabrands, its digital specialist agencies and its domestic integrated agencies. CMG consists of its specialist marketing services offerings. It has three global networks: McCann Worldgroup, Foote, Cone & Belding (FCB) and MullenLowe Group, which provide integrated, advertising and marketing solutions for clients. Its global media services companies include UM and Initiative, which operate under the IPG Mediabrands umbrella. It also has a range of global specialized communications assets, as well as domestic integrated and digital agencies.McCann Worldgroup is a global marketing solutions network consists of agencies that emphasize creativity, innovation and performance. The global components of McCann Worldgroup are McCann, an advertising agency networks; MRM//McCann, a digital marketing and relationship management agency; Momentum Worldwide, a brand experience agency; McCann Health, a professional and direct-to-consumer health communications network; ChaseDesign, a shopper marketing specialist; PMK-BNC, an entertainment and brand agency, and CRAFT, the network's global adaptation and production arm. UM (media management), Weber Shandwick (public relations) and FutureBrand (consulting/design) align with McCann Worldgroup to deliver fully integrated solutions. FCB is a global, fully integrated marketing communications company focused on changing consumer behavior for the benefit of their clients, colleagues and communities. MullenLowe Group is an integrated marketing communications network. Components include MullenLowe with expertise in brand strategy, creative content development and performance analytics; MullenLowe Profero, full-service, integrated digital marketing; MullenLowe Mediahub, media and communications planning and buying; and MullenLowe Open, behavior-driven activation, customer relationship management (CRM) and shopper marketing.IPG Mediabrands, as the global media arm of IPG, is responsible for managing marketing investment for various brands. Its portfolio encompasses two global, full-service agencies: UM and Initiative, which are charged with delivering business results for clients, providing strategic counsel and advisory services and navigating the ever-evolving media landscape. Rounding out the IPG Mediabrands portfolio of services are its specialty business units: Ansible, Cadreon, MAGNA, Healix, The IPG Media Lab, Mediabrands Insights, Rapport, Reprise and Society. These agencies focus on media innovation, forecasting, product development, branded content, emerging technology, mobile, search and social and out-of-home, among others. Weber Shandwick and Golin has expertise in area of communication management. Jack Morton is a global brand experience agency, and FutureBrand is a brand consultancy. Octagon is a global sports, entertainment and lifestyle marketing agency. Its healthcare communications specialists reside within its global creative networks.Within IAN, the Company's agencies provide an array of global communications and marketing services. Its digital specialist agencies provide digital capabilities and service their own client rosters while also serving as digital partners. In addition, its domestic integrated agencies, including Hill Holliday, Carmichael Lynch and Tierney, provide a range of advertising, marketing communications services and/or marketing services and partner with its global operating divisions as needed. CMG includes Weber Shandwick, Cassidy, DeVries, Golin, FutureBrand, Jack Morton and Octagon Worldwide, provides clients with diversified services, including public relations, meeting and event production, sports and entertainment marketing, corporate and brand identity, and strategic marketing consulting.

» Full Overview of IPG.N







					Company Address



Interpublic Group of Companies Inc
909 3rd AveNEW YORK   NY   10022-4731
P: +1212.7041200F: +1212.7041201







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Michael Roth

17,978,200




							 Frank Mergenthaler

6,786,780




							 Philippe Krakowsky

6,716,160




							 Ellen Johnson

--




							 Christopher Carroll

1,831,580




» More Officers & Directors





					Interpublic Group of Companies Inc News




Ad company Interpublic's results disappoint, shares slide

Jul 25 2017 
UPDATE 3-Ad company Interpublic's results disappoint, shares slide

Jul 25 2017 
BRIEF-REG-Interpublic announces second quarter and first half 2017 results

Jul 25 2017 
Ad company Interpublic's revenue slips 1.7 pct

Jul 25 2017 
BRIEF-Lee Wyatt Jr. joins Interpublic board of directors

Jun 30 2017 


» More IPG.N  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerAdvertising & Marketing































IPG stock quote - Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) Common Stock price - NASDAQ.com










































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search



























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    IPG















Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) Common Stock Quote & Summary Data 


IPG 
$21.845
*  
0.145

0.67%
Get IPG Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Aug. 3, 2017 12:05 ET  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading IPG now
				        




Exchange:NYSE 
Industry: Technology 
Community Rating:  
View: 
 
				    IPG Real Time



















IPG





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks











































News




PriceCharts






TradeHistory





Annual Report










EarningsReport Date





Dynamic quotes: Turn Off
















1 Year Target
26




                                            Today's High /Low
                                            


                                                    "Today's High" The highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours, the intra-day high.
                                                    
                                                    "Today's Low" The lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours, the intra-day low.
                                                




$ 22.02 / $ 21.66




                                            Share Volume
                                            


                                                    "Share Volume" is the number of shares of the stock traded on the listing exchange during current trading hours. It does not include after hours volume.
                                                





1,987,107





                                        90 Day Avg. Daily Volume
                                        


                                                This is the average share volume for the past 50 trading days, for NASDAQ stocks and 90 trading days for Non-NASDAQ stocks. This field allows you to compare today's trading to the average daily volume. 
                                            




4,324,222




                                            Previous Close
                                            


                                                    "Previous Close" is the previous trading day's last reported trade price during official trading hours.
                                                




$ 21.70




                                            52 Week High/Low
                                            


                                                    "52 Week High" is the highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                    
                                                    "52 Week Low" is the lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                





                                        $ 25.71 / $ 20.94
                                    


 



                                            Market cap
                                            


	                                                “Market Capitalization” is a measure of the estimated value of the common equity securities of the company or their equivalent. It does not include securities convertible into the common equity securities. “Market Capitalization” is derived from the last sale price for the displayed class of listed securities and the total number of shares outstanding for both listed and unlisted securities (as applicable). NASDAQ does not use this value to determine compliance with the listing requirements.
                                                




$ 8,590,954,227 




                                            P/E Ratio
                                            


                                                    "P/E Ratio" is a statistic calculated by dividing the price of a stock by the reported actual earnings per share of the issuing firm (not the same as the projected P/E ratio); it is also called the "multiple".
                                                




15.72




                                        Forward P/E(1y)
                                            


                                                        A widely used stock evaluation measure. For a security, the Price/Earnings Ratio is given by dividing the Last Sale Price by the Average EPS (Earnings Per Share) Estimate for the specified fiscal time period. The forward P/E refers to the value for the next full year. 
                                                    




15.17




                                            Earnings Per Share (EPS)
                                            


	                                                    The EPS listed on our infoquote and Summary Quote page is "12-mos Rolling". EPS represents the portion of a company's profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock. Net income (reported or estimated) for a period of time is divided by the total number of shares outstanding (TSO) during that period; See growth rate measures for EPS. Our vendor's methodology for the EPS on the infoquote and Summary Quote pages follows the EPS used by the majority of the analysts following the stock, in many cases this is EBITDA EPS. 
	                                                




$ 1.39


Annualized dividend
$ .72




                                            Ex Dividend Date
                                            


                                                    The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




6/1/2017


Dividend Payment Date
6/19/2017




                                            Current Yield
                                            


                                                    Indicated yield represents annual dividends divided by current stock price. The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




3.31 %




                                            Beta
                                            


                                                    "Beta" is a volatility measurement of a stock mutual fund or ETF versus a comparable benchmark like the S&P 500 stock index. A stock fund or ETF with a higher beta than the S&P 500 will rise or fall to a greater degree. In contrast, a stock fund or ETF with a low beta will rise or fall less.
                                                




0.7






Intraday Chart




5d


1m


6m


12m


More Charting













Company Description (as filed with the SEC)
The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. ("Interpublic," the "Company," "IPG,"
"we," "us" or "our") was incorporated in Delaware in September 1930 under the
name of McCann-Erickson Incorporated as the successor to the advertising agency
businesses founded in 1902 by A.W. Erickson and in 1911 by Harrison K. McCann.
The Company has operated under the Interpublic name since January 1961.

About Us
We are one of the world's premier global advertising and marketing services
companies. Through our 49,800 employees in all major world markets, our
companies specialize in consumer advertising, digital marketing, communications
planning and media buying, public relations and specialized communications
disciplines. Our agencies create customized marketing programs for clients that
range in scale from large global marketers to regional and local clients.  ... More ...  




Risk Grade

			        Where does IPG fit in the risk graph?
				
































News for IPG









                        Interpublic Group Of Companies Selloff Overreaction Presents A Buying Opportunity For The Long-Term Income Investors
                    

7/28/2017 3:13:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Why Seagate Technology, Interpublic Group, and Community Health Systems Slumped Today
                    

7/25/2017 4:30:00 PM - Motley Fool



                        Consumer Sector Update for 07/25/2017: MCD,BKS,IPG
                    

7/25/2017 3:49:06 PM - MT Newswires



                        Consumer Sector Update for 07/25/2017: SVU,BKS,IPG
                    

7/25/2017 1:52:50 PM - MT Newswires



                        Why Interpublic Group of Companies Inc Stock Fell Today
                    

7/25/2017 1:39:00 PM - Motley Fool




 Subscribe


                More IPG News & Commentary



                Read IPG Press Releases





















Consensus Recommendation


















Analyst Info


Annual EPS Est:
$1.37


Quarterly EPS Est:
0.33


PEG Ratio:
1.31


Mean Recommendation:
1.77




            Data is provided by Zacks Investment Research





View All



View Summary


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX

















































Interpublic Group of Companies Inc, IPG:FRA profile - FT.com


















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataEquities







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Equities


Interpublic Group of Companies IncIPG:FRASelect symbolUnited StatesIPG:NYQNYSEIPG:NYSNYSEIPG:ASENYSE MKT LLCGermanyIPG:BERBerlin Stock ExchangeIPG:MUNMunich Stock ExchangeIPG:STUStuttgart Stock ExchangeIPG:DEUGerman CompositeIPG:DUSDusseldorf Stock ExchangeIPG:FRAFrankfurt Stock ExchangeSwedenIPGEUR:STOStockholmsborsen - cashIPGUSD:STOStockholmsborsen - cashInterpublic Group of Companies IncActionsAdd to watchlistAdd to portfolioAdd an alertPrice (EUR)18.24Today's Change-0.109 / -0.59%Shares traded0.001 Year change-9.14%Beta1.5075Data delayed at least 15 minutes, as of Aug 03 2017 07:05 BST.More ▼ApplyCancelActionsAdd to Your WatchlistsNew watchlistNameCancelAddAdd to Your PortfolioNew portfolioNameCurrencySelect a currencyUK Pound (GBP)Argentinian Nuevo Peso (ARS)Australian Dollar (AUD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Brunei Dollar (BND)Brazilian Real (BRL)Canadian Dollar (CAD)Chilean Peso (CLP)Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY)Czech Koruna (CZK)Danish Krone (DKK)Egyptian Pound (EGP)Euro (EUR)Fiji Dollar (FJD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Hungarian Forint (HUF)Israeli Shekel (ILS)Indian Rupee (INR)Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)Japanese Yen (JPY)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR)Moroccan Dirham (MAD)Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)Mexican New Peso (MXN)New Zealand Dollar (NZD)Norwegian Krone (NOK)Omani Rial (OMR)Peruvian New Sol (PEN)Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK)Philippine Peso (PHP)Pakistani Rupee (PKR)Polish New Zloty (PLN)Russian Ruble (RUB)Saudi Riyal (SAR)Solomon Islands Dollar (SBD)Seychelles Rupee (SCR)Singapore Dollar (SGD)South African Rand (ZAR)Republic of Korean Won (KRW)Swedish Krona (SEK)Swiss Franc (CHF)Tongan Pa'anga (TOP)Taiwan Dollar (TWD)Thai Baht (THB)Turkish Lira (TRY)UAE Dirham (AED)Vietnamese Dong (VND)Vanuatu Vatu (VUV)Samoan Tala (WST)French Pacific Franc (XPF)US Dollar (USD)Ghana Cedi (GHS)Nigeria Naira (NGN)Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)Kenya Shilling (KES)CancelContinueYour alertsDoneYou must be a registered user to save alerts.  Please sign in or register.





Profile data is unavailable for this security.About the companyThe Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. is a global advertising and marketing services company. The Company specializes in consumer advertising, digital marketing, communications planning and media buying, public relations and specialized communications disciplines. It operates in two segments: Integrated Agency Networks (IAN) and Constituency Management Group (CMG). Its agencies offer customized marketing programs for clients that range in scale from global marketers to regional and local clients. IAN consists of McCann Worldgroup, FCB, MullenLowe Group, IPG Mediabrands, its digital specialist agencies and its domestic integrated agencies. CMG consists of its specialist marketing services offerings. It has three global networks: McCann Worldgroup, Foote, Cone & Belding and MullenLowe Group, which provide integrated, advertising and marketing solutions for clients. Its global media services companies include UM and Initiative, which operate under the IPG Mediabrands umbrella.Revenue in USD (TTM)7.83bnNet income in USD562.40mIncorporated1930Employees49.80kLocationInterpublic Group of Companies Inc909 3rd AveNEW YORK 10022-4731United StatesUSAPhone+1 (212) 704-1200Fax+1 (212) 704-1201Websitehttp://www.interpublic.comMore ▼ 
Income statement (EUR)Year on year Interpublic Group of Companies Inc grew revenues 3.06% from 7.61bn to 7.85bn while net income improved 33.85% from 454.60m to 608.50m.FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



 © Thomson Reuters Click for restrictions
All markets data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.Any information that you receive via FT.com is at best delayed intraday data and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions.







					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback

















 








Interpublic Group of Companies Inc, IPGUSD:STO financials - FT.com


















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataEquities







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Equities


Interpublic Group of Companies IncIPGUSD:STOSelect symbolUnited StatesIPG:NYQNYSEIPG:NYSNYSEIPG:ASENYSE MKT LLCGermanyIPG:BERBerlin Stock ExchangeIPG:MUNMunich Stock ExchangeIPG:STUStuttgart Stock ExchangeIPG:DEUGerman CompositeIPG:DUSDusseldorf Stock ExchangeIPG:FRAFrankfurt Stock ExchangeSwedenIPGEUR:STOStockholmsborsen - cashIPGUSD:STOStockholmsborsen - cashInterpublic Group of Companies IncActionsAdd to watchlistAdd to portfolioAdd an alertPrice (USD)17.87Today's Change2.49 / 16.19%Shares traded150.001 Year change0.00%Beta--Data delayed at least 15 minutes, as of Apr 22 2014.More ▼ApplyCancelActionsAdd to Your WatchlistsNew watchlistNameCancelAddAdd to Your PortfolioNew portfolioNameCurrencySelect a currencyUK Pound (GBP)Argentinian Nuevo Peso (ARS)Australian Dollar (AUD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Brunei Dollar (BND)Brazilian Real (BRL)Canadian Dollar (CAD)Chilean Peso (CLP)Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY)Czech Koruna (CZK)Danish Krone (DKK)Egyptian Pound (EGP)Euro (EUR)Fiji Dollar (FJD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Hungarian Forint (HUF)Israeli Shekel (ILS)Indian Rupee (INR)Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)Japanese Yen (JPY)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR)Moroccan Dirham (MAD)Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)Mexican New Peso (MXN)New Zealand Dollar (NZD)Norwegian Krone (NOK)Omani Rial (OMR)Peruvian New Sol (PEN)Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK)Philippine Peso (PHP)Pakistani Rupee (PKR)Polish New Zloty (PLN)Russian Ruble (RUB)Saudi Riyal (SAR)Solomon Islands Dollar (SBD)Seychelles Rupee (SCR)Singapore Dollar (SGD)South African Rand (ZAR)Republic of Korean Won (KRW)Swedish Krona (SEK)Swiss Franc (CHF)Tongan Pa'anga (TOP)Taiwan Dollar (TWD)Thai Baht (THB)Turkish Lira (TRY)UAE Dirham (AED)Vietnamese Dong (VND)Vanuatu Vatu (VUV)Samoan Tala (WST)French Pacific Franc (XPF)US Dollar (USD)Ghana Cedi (GHS)Nigeria Naira (NGN)Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)Kenya Shilling (KES)CancelContinueYour alertsDoneYou must be a registered user to save alerts.  Please sign in or register.





Financials data is unavailable for this security.Inc stmt in USDIncome statement in USDView moreYear on year Interpublic Group of Companies Inc grew revenues 3.06% from 7.61bn to 7.85bn while net income improved 33.85% from 454.60m to 608.50m.RevenueGross margin--Net profit margin7.40%Operating margin11.44%Net IncomeReturn on assets4.97%Return on equity28.27%Return on investment12.68%More ▼Cash flow in USDView moreIn 2016, cash reserves at Interpublic Group of Companies Inc fell by 405.30m. However, the company earned 513.40m from its operations for a Cash Flow Margin of 6.54%. In addition the company used 263.90m on investing activities and also paid 666.40m in financing cash flows.Cash FlowCash flow per share0.8948Price/Cash flow per share11.47CashBook value per share5.00Tangible book value per share-4.46More ▼Balance sheet in USDView moreInterpublic Group of Companies Inc has a Debt to Total Capital ratio of 44.69%, a lower figure than the previous year's 79.36%.Total AssetsCurrent ratio0.9338Quick ratio--Total DebtTotal debt/total equity0.9193Total debt/total capital0.4469More ▼Growth rates in USDSmartText is unavailableDividends Per ShareDiv yield(5 year avg)2.07%Div growth rate (5 year)20.11%Payout ratio (TTM)46.18%Earnings Per ShareEPS growth(5 years)8.44EPS (TTM) vs  TTM 1 year ago-37.47More ▼ 
FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



 © Thomson Reuters Click for restrictions
All markets data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.Any information that you receive via FT.com is at best delayed intraday data and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions.







					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback

















 
 



Homepage | IPG


























IPG



About
    

overview
    


our leadership
    


sustainability
    


corporate governance
    


contact us
    




Our Agencies
    

find an agency
    


see the work
    




Ideas
    


News
    


Investor Relations
    

overview
    


2017 proxy materials
    


news & events
    


sec filings
    


ESG criteria
    


stock information
    


shareholder services
    




Careers
    

overview
    


job openings at IPG corporate
    


IPG intern program
    


community outreach / volunteering
    




Diversity
    

overview
    


programs
    


results
    


supplier diversity
    


employee resource groups
    






























interpublic group is

a global leader in modern marketing solutions. With 50,200 diverse and talented individuals, our companies drive business results for clients around the world. see all agencies








mccann


With operations in over 110 countries and some eight decades of multinational experience, McCann Erickson has been recognized as the creator of the modern global advertising agency model. see our work







campbell ewald


We create conversation. Shape it. Change it. see our work







r/ga


R/GA is a world leader in developing marketing solutions that help Fortune 500 companies and world-class brands build meaningful relationships with consumers in the digital age. see our work







carmichael lynch


Carmichael Lynch has a history of creating powerful emotional connections to brands. In creating these connections we do more than make our clients' brands top of mind for their target. We create a lasting bond between brands and people. see our work







area 23


Area 23 is a full-service healthcare communications agency with a unique operating structure and innovative philosophy that make it uniquely brand-focused. see our work







pmk•bnc


Experts in enhancing talent and brand relationships with consumers and fans through passion points of entertainment, sports, music, philanthropy, art and fashion. see our work







neon


NeON is a unique synthesis of traditional and digital marketing experts who leverage insights, data and analytics to successfully launch new products and increase growth for in-line brands.  see our work







media partnership


Because our expert teams blend backgrounds in general market buying, direct, print and digital, we not only optimize media buys, but also the media approach. see our work







initiative


Initiative believes that all marketing should be performance-driven. see our work







um


UM has set out to prove that "Curiosity Works." A performance-driven agency with avid curiosity, enthusiastic collaboration and resolute accountability at its core, UM breeds a culture of curious collaborative thinkers. see our work







tierney


Let's start a conversation. We believe great brands are built by more than great ads. We're a full-service communications agency that helps companies have a dialogue with their customers. see our work







advantage


Advantage International is a Sponsorship and Brand Experience Agency that specializes in strategic and creative solutions within the realm of sports, entertainment and lifestyle experiences. see our work







current


With expertise in public relations, content strategy and social media, we create genuine connections between brands and people to change behavior and move brands forward. see our work







deutsch


We are a multi-disciplinary agency with offices in NY and LA known for our insatiable culture and ability to drive bottom-line business results for clients. see our work







iw group


IW Group specializes in targeting the more than 14.7 million Asian-Pacific Americans in the U.S. with annual spending clout that exceeds $427 billion. see our work







cassidy & associates


Founded in 1975, Cassidy & Associates is a premier government relations firm with a solid foundation grounded in our history. see our work







mrm//mccann


MRM//McCann is a global customer experience-marketing agency. We simplify the complex—helping our clients navigate, transform and gain competitive advantage within today's multidimensional, digitally-driven world.  see our work







insidedge


Through years of experience, Insidedge has helped companies connect with their employees through effective internal communication. see our work







avrett free ginsberg


While other agencies scramble to reverse engineer themselves for the age of collaboration, afg& was born with collaboration at its core. see our work







ipg media lab


The IPG Media Lab is equal parts think tank, real-world proving ground and change enabler. see our work







prohealth


Illuminates the brand science. We harness the most relevant data to build scientific narratives for products at all phases of their lifecycle. see our work







frank about women


Frank About Women is a pioneering leader in marketing to women and turning insights into action for Fortune 500 companies around the globe. see our work







octagon


Octagon Worldwide is the recognized global thought leader in passion-based sports and entertainment content marketing. see our work







golin


Golin is a global, integrated public relations and marketing communications firm dedicated to helping clients win in today's dynamic, evolving marketplace. see our work







devries global


We are an agency with serious publicity chops, strategic rigor and a long, successful track record of disciplined account management for powerhouse global marketers and iconic consumer brands. see our work







jack morton worldwide


What we do is pretty simple. We create experiences that strengthen relationships between brands and the people who matter most to them. see our work







huge


As a full-service interactive agency, Huge is responsible for digital strategy and implementation for some of the largest companies and brands in the world. see our work







weber shandwick


Our success is built on deep commitment to client service, our people, creativity, collaboration and harnessing the power of Advocates - engaging stakeholders in new and creative ways to build brands and reputation. see our work







fcb


With an equal focus on creativity and accountability, FCB is committed to producing brilliant ideas that change consumer behavior.   see our work







rogers & cowan


Rogers & Cowan is a leader in entertainment marketing and communications see our work







mccann worldgroup


McCann Worldgroup aligns the world’s largest advertising agency network, McCann Erickson, with best-in-class specialty networks to provide complementary services, transform clients' brands and grow their businesses. see our work







hill holliday


We've been helping clients fight, and win, the daily share battle since 1968. see our work







mullenlowe group


Mullen Lowe Group is a creatively driven integrated marketing communications network with a strong entrepreneurial heritage and challenger mentality.  see our work







id media


ID Media is known for identifying and delivering accountable media solutions that create better business outcomes for marketers. see our work







ipg mediabrands


We were founded by IPG in 2007 to manage all of its global media-related assets. Today that means we manage and invest $36 billion in global media. see our work







the martin agency


One of the world's most awarded creative agencies, The Martin Agency has been bringing new energy to brands like Walmart, GEICO and Oreo for more than 50 years. see our work







hackeragency


HackerAgency is a digital/direct agency that helps you nail your marketing goals with programs that hit your target audience where they live, work and play. see our work







fcb health


FCB Health has one unique mission: use the adaptation and application of key insights and techniques from the behavioral sciences to create brand building communications. see our work







film fashion


Film Fashion, a division of Rogers & Cowan, matches fashion and accessory brands with prominent celebrities to provide heightened brand awareness. see our work







rapport worldwide


Rapport is a global Out-of-Home media planning and buying agency with a mission to build rapport between brands and their consumers.   see our work







fitzgerald & co


Any agency can create ads. We believe our job is to create demand. To create response. To create results. see our work







the axis agency


We specialize in developing communications that achieve breakthrough success for leading brands among Hispanic and African American consumers. Learn how we combine insights, strategy, creativity, and diversity to create campaigns that align with culture-based ideas. see our work







orion


ORION Trading, IPG's barter organization, enables some of the largest brands in the world to part-fund media expenditures with their assets. see our work







pipeline ps


We work with clients and agencies to quickly and cost-effectively get their communications into the marketplace. see our work





 




 



IPG News
IPG Announces Second Quarter and First Half 2017 Results. Listen to the Earnings Webcast replay.
Posted on July      25, 2017.


McCann
McCann New York Wins Creative Account For HomeGoods
Posted on July      26, 2017.


Weber Shandwick
Population Services International (PSI) India Appoints Weber Shandwick India as Communications Partner
Posted on July      26, 2017.


see all news





    © Interpublic Group, 2017. All Rights Reserved.
  

IPG


© IPGAboutOur AgenciesIdeasNewsInvestor RelationsCareersDiversityContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy NoticeSitemap


 





 



Our Agencies | IPG


























IPG



About
    

overview
    


our leadership
    


sustainability
    


corporate governance
    


contact us
    




Our Agencies
    

find an agency
    


see the work
    




Ideas
    


News
    


Investor Relations
    

overview
    


2017 proxy materials
    


news & events
    


sec filings
    


ESG criteria
    


stock information
    


shareholder services
    




Careers
    

overview
    


job openings at IPG corporate
    


IPG intern program
    


community outreach / volunteering
    




Diversity
    

overview
    


programs
    


results
    


supplier diversity
    


employee resource groups
    






















interpublic group is
modern marketing. 

With offices in over 100 countries, we're home to many of the world’s best-known and most innovative communications specialists. 
View a list
		of all Interpublic Agencies
View a searchable list
		of Interpublic Agencies




show me agencies in:


All Disciplines
Advertising / Full Service
Barter
Branded Content / Content Creation
Communications Planning
Corporate Communications
Crisis / Issue Management
Data & Analytics
Digital Services
Direct / eCRM / One-to-one
eCommerce
Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events
General
Healthcare
Managed Markets
Market Research
Media Planning, Buying & Investment
Medical Education
Mobile
Multicultural Marketing
Outdoor Advertising / Digital OOH
Product Design
Production Services
Programmatic & Ad Solutions
Promotions & Activations
Public Affairs / Government Relations
Public Relations
Recruitment
Search (SEM/SEO)
Shopper / Retail / In-store
Social Media
Sports & Entertainment
Strategic Branding / Design
Talent / Personality Management & Representation
Women's Marketing
Youth Marketing 


						in
						
All Countries
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
England
Estonia
Ethiopia
Finland
France
Gabon
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Guatemala
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Lithuania
Macedonia
Malawi
Malaysia
Mauritius
Mexico
Morocco
Mozambique
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Northern Ireland
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Zambia
Zimbabwe 


						in
						
All Cities
Atlanta
Austin
Baltimore
Birmingham
Bloomington
Boston
Brooklyn
Cary
Century City
Charlotte
Chicago
Coral Gables
Costa Mesa
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
El Segundo
Fort Washington
Greenvilla
Greenville
Hackensack
Harrisburg
Houston
Huntersville
Kansas City
Los Angeles
McLean
Miami
Minneapolis
Mountain Lakes
Naples
Nashville
New York
New York City
Newton
Norwalk
Parsippany
Philadelphia
Portland
Princeton
Richmond
Robbinsville
Rogers
Sacramento
Salt Lake City
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
St Louis
St. Louis
Stamford
Walnut Creek
Washington
Washington DC
West Hollywood
Winston-Salem 


 
 

 
 

Interpublic Group agencies


AGENCY NAME
DISCIPLINES


Advantage
Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events, Sports & Entertainment, Branded Content / Content Creation


Ansible
Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Mobile, Advertising / Full Service, Digital Services


Architect
Digital Services, Market Research, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Mobile, Public Relations


Area 23
Advertising / Full Service, Healthcare, Communications Planning, Shopper / Retail / In-store, Strategic Branding / Design


Avrett Free Ginsberg
Advertising / Full Service, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Market Research, Multicultural Marketing, Social Media


The Axis Agency
Digital Services, Multicultural Marketing, Advertising / Full Service, Market Research, Public Relations


BPN
Communications Planning, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Digital Services, Shopper / Retail / In-store


The Brooklyn Brothers
Digital Services, Social Media, Sports & Entertainment


Cadreon
Digital Services, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Communications Planning, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Market Research


Campbell Ewald
Advertising / Full Service, Digital Services, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Social Media


Carmichael Lynch
Advertising / Full Service, Digital Services, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Strategic Branding / Design


Carmichael Lynch Relate
Public Relations, Social Media, Corporate Communications, Strategic Branding / Design


Casanova//McCann
Advertising / Full Service, Multicultural Marketing, Digital Services, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Promotions & Activations


Cassidy & Associates
Crisis / Issue Management, Public Affairs / Government Relations 


Center for Marketing Intelligence (CMI)
Market Research 


Compass Point Media
Media Planning, Buying & Investment 


Craft
Production Services 


Creation 
Digital Services, Public Relations, Advertising / Full Service, Communications Planning, Social Media, Strategic Branding / Design


Current
Public Relations, Social Media, Digital Services, Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events, Women's Marketing


Deutsch
Advertising / Full Service, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Digital Services, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Strategic Branding / Design


DeVries Global
Public Relations, Social Media, Communications Planning, Crisis / Issue Management, Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events


dna Communications
Medical Education, Public Relations, Public Affairs / Government Relations


Elephant
Digital Services, Strategic Branding / Design, Advertising / Full Service, Mobile


Ensemble
Advertising / Full Service, Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events, Digital Services, Sports & Entertainment


EP+Co
Advertising / Full Service, Strategic Branding / Design, Digital Services, Market Research, Social Media


FCB
Advertising / Full Service, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Digital Services, Strategic Branding / Design


FCB Health
Healthcare, Managed Markets, Medical Education, Advertising / Full Service, Digital Services


FCB/RED
, Digital Services, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Promotions & Activations


FCB/SIX
Digital Services, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Advertising / Full Service, Communications Planning, Social Media


FCBCURE an FCB Health Company
Advertising / Full Service, Healthcare, Communications Planning, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events


FCBX
Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events, Promotions & Activations, Social Media, Sports & Entertainment


Film Fashion
Branded Content / Content Creation, Public Relations, Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events, Social Media


Fitzgerald & CO
Advertising / Full Service, Market Research, Digital Services, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Public Relations


Frank About Women
Advertising / Full Service, Women's Marketing, Digital Services, Public Relations, Social Media, Strategic Branding / Design


FRUKT
Communications Planning, Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events, Sports & Entertainment, Talent / Personality Management & Representation, Youth Marketing


Fuel
Shopper / Retail / In-store, Digital Services


FutureBrand
Strategic Branding / Design 


Futures Sport + Entertainment
Market Research, Sports & Entertainment 


Genuine
Advertising / Full Service, Digital Services, Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events, Mobile, Social Media


Golin
Corporate Communications, Public Relations, Crisis / Issue Management, Digital Services, Healthcare, Social Media


HackerAgency
Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Digital Services, Healthcare


HBQ
Digital Services, Strategic Branding / Design, Advertising / Full Service, Mobile


Healix
Advertising / Full Service, Healthcare 


Hellocomputer
Digital Services, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Mobile, Social Media, Strategic Branding / Design


Hill Holliday
Advertising / Full Service, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Digital Services, Mobile, Social Media


Huge
Digital Services, Advertising / Full Service, Mobile, Social Media, Strategic Branding / Design


ID Media
Digital Services, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Healthcare, Multicultural Marketing


Identity
Communications Planning, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Market Research, Multicultural Marketing


Initiative
Media Planning, Buying & Investment 


Insidedge
Corporate Communications 


IPG Media Lab
Market Research, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Advertising / Full Service, Digital Services, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one


IPG Mediabrands
Advertising / Full Service, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Communications Planning, Digital Services, Sports & Entertainment


IW Group
Multicultural Marketing, Advertising / Full Service, Branded Content / Content Creation, Public Relations


Jack Morton Worldwide
Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events, Digital Services, Production Services, Sports & Entertainment


KRC Research
Market Research 


MAGNA
Market Research, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Communications Planning, Digital Services, Social Media


The Martin Agency
Advertising / Full Service, Digital Services, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Media Planning, Buying & Investment


McCann
Advertising / Full Service, Digital Services 


McCann Health
Healthcare, Market Research, Managed Markets, Medical Education, Strategic Branding / Design


McCann Worldgroup
Advertising / Full Service, Digital Services, Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Public Relations


Media Experts
Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Digital Services


Media Partnership
Digital Services, Media Planning, Buying & Investment 


Milkmoney
Production Services 


Mnet
Mobile 


Momentum Worldwide
Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events, Shopper / Retail / In-store, Sports & Entertainment 


Mosaic Group
Advertising / Full Service, Managed Markets, Communications Planning, Market Research, Strategic Branding / Design


MRM//McCann
Digital Services, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Mobile, Search (SEM/SEO), Social Media


MullenLowe Group
Advertising / Full Service, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Digital Services, Public Relations, Social Media


MullenLowe Mediahub
Communications Planning, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Digital Services, Search (SEM/SEO), Social Media


MullenLowe Open
Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Shopper / Retail / In-store, Digital Services, Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events, Promotions & Activations


MullenLowe Profero
Advertising / Full Service, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Mobile, Search (SEM/SEO)


NeON
Advertising / Full Service, Healthcare, Digital Services


New Honor Society
Advertising / Full Service, Strategic Branding / Design, Communications Planning, Digital Services, Social Media


Octagon
Sports & Entertainment, Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events, Promotions & Activations, Talent / Personality Management & Representation


Orion
Barter 


Pipeline PS
Advertising / Full Service, Digital Services 


PMK•BNC
Experiential Marketing/Meetings & Events, Public Relations, Branded Content / Content Creation, Corporate Communications, Talent / Personality Management & Representation


Powell Tate
Public Affairs / Government Relations, Communications Planning, Digital Services


Prime Weber Shandwick
Advertising / Full Service, Public Relations, Communications Planning, Corporate Communications, Market Research


ProHealth
Healthcare, Medical Education 


Promoqube
Crisis / Issue Management, Social Media, Digital Services


R/GA
Advertising / Full Service, Digital Services, Direct / eCRM / One-to-one, Mobile, Shopper / Retail / In-store, Social Media


Rapport Worldwide
Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Outdoor Advertising / Digital OOH, Market Research


Reprise Media
Search (SEM/SEO), Social Media


ReviveHealth 
Advertising / Full Service, Crisis / Issue Management, Digital Services, Healthcare


Rogers & Cowan
Public Relations, Sports & Entertainment, Branded Content / Content Creation, Social Media, Talent / Personality Management & Representation


sociedAD
Advertising / Full Service, Multicultural Marketing, Communications Planning, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Public Relations


The Stickyeyes Group,
Digital Services, Search (SEM/SEO), Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Social Media


Tierney
Advertising / Full Service, Digital Services, Media Planning, Buying & Investment, Public Relations, Crisis / Issue Management, Social Media, Strategic Branding / Design


Trilia Media
Media Planning, Buying & Investment 


UM
Communications Planning, Media Planning, Buying & Investment 


UXUS
Shopper / Retail / In-store, Strategic Branding / Design 


Virgo Health
Healthcare 


Vowel
Digital Services, Social Media, Mobile, Promotions & Activations, Strategic Branding / Design


Weber Shandwick
Branded Content / Content Creation, Public Relations 

 
 



    © Interpublic Group, 2017. All Rights Reserved.
  

IPG


© IPGAboutOur AgenciesIdeasNewsInvestor RelationsCareersDiversityContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy NoticeSitemap


 








Interpublic - 維基百科，自由的百科全書






























 






Interpublic

維基百科，自由的百科全書


					前往：					導覽、					搜尋



埃培智集團公司


175px


公司類型
公共有限公司


股票代號
NYSE：IPG


成立
1902年


代表人物
Michael I. Roth, 主席, CEO, & 總裁


總部
美國紐約市W.R.格雷斯大廈


產業
廣告代理


營業額
▲$60.956億 USD (2012)


稅前盈餘
▲$6.783億 USD (2012)


稅後盈餘
▲$4.646億 USD (2012)


員工人數
43,300 (2012)


網站
www.interpublic.com


埃培智集團有限公司（Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (IPG)、中國大陸翻譯為「埃培智市場諮詢」），世界四大廣告傳播集團之一(其他三家為宏盟集團、WPP集團和陽獅集團)，總部在紐約市。旗下擁有萬博宣偉公關（Weber Shandwick）、McCann-Erikson麥肯環球廣告、Lowe&Partners靈獅廣告、FCB博達大橋廣告和優勢麥肯、以及Initiative媒介等。[1]
Michael Roth是現任IPG執行長.
歷史[編輯]
1902年， Alfred W. Erickson 成立； 1911年， H.K. McCann 成立； 1930年，兩家公司合併為 McCann-Erickson（麥肯公司現在的全稱）。 1960年， McCann Erickson 在 Marion Harper Jr. 的帶領下成為了股份公司，公司也改名為 Interpublic（IPG），並在1971年上市。 IPG 下一步就是尋找合適的收購對象，靈獅成為了第一個獵物。
1928年，聯合利華（Unilever）下屬的廣告公司—— Lintas（Lever International Advertising Services ，靈獅）成立。 Frank Lowe 在 1981年在倫敦創建 Lowe 集團， 1990年該集團被 IPG 收購。 1999年， Lowe & Partners 與 Lintas 合併； 2000年改名為 Lowe Lintas & Partners Worldwide ； 2002年1月，又改名為 Lowe & Partners Worldwide（勵富）。
2001年3月，在經過了與 Havas 的一番角逐後， IPG 以 21 億美元收購 True North 傳播集團。世界廣告史上的元老之一的 FCB（博達大橋廣告）正式被納入 IPG 的帳下。
參考[編輯]


^ Agency Family Trees 2013: Interpublic Group -- IPG. [Aug 16, 2013]. 


外部連結[編輯]

Interpublic.com - 埃培智集團公司主頁




這是一篇與公司和企業相關的小作品。你可以透過編輯或修訂擴充其內容。


閱
論
編









 
						取自 "https://zh.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Interpublic&oldid=37372997"					
2 個分類：紐約證券交易所上市公司跨國公司隱藏分類：缺少文件的條目使用過時圖像語法的頁面含有英語的條目全部小作品公司小作品 



導覽選單


個人工具

沒有登入對話貢獻建立帳號登入 



命名空間

條目
討論




台灣正體



不转换
简体
繁體
大陆简体
香港繁體
澳門繁體
马新简体
台灣正體






查看

閱讀
編輯
檢視歷史



更多







搜尋



 







導航


首頁分類索引特色內容新聞動態近期變更隨機條目 



說明


說明維基社群方針與指引互助客棧知識問答字詞轉換IRC即時聊天聯絡我們關於維基百科資助維基百科 



列印/匯出


下載成 PDF 



工具


連結至此的頁面相關變更上傳檔案特殊頁面可列印版靜態連結頁面資訊維基數據 項目引用此頁面 



其他語言


DeutschEnglishSuomiFrançaisRomână 
編輯連結 





 本頁面最後修訂於2015年9月28日 (週一) 05:51。
本站的全部文字在創用CC 姓名標示-相同方式分享 3.0 協議之條款下提供，附加條款亦可能應用（請參閱使用條款）。
Wikipedia®和維基百科標誌是維基媒體基金會的註冊商標；維基™是維基媒體基金會的商標。
維基媒體基金會是在美國佛羅里達州登記的501(c)(3)免稅、非營利、慈善機構。


隱私政策
關於維基百科
免責聲明
開發人員
Cookie 聲明
手機版檢視



 

 












Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (NYSE:IPG) KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY)


























Menu
















 


You are here: Home > Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (NYSE:IPG) KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY)

Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (NYSE:IPG) KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) 
 August 01, 2017 in Markets 







It reached an intraday trading high of $18.14 and closed at $17.91.Several other equities analysts have also recently commented on IPG.The share price of the company (NYSE:IPG) was up +1.22% during the last trading session, with a high of 21.79 and the volume of Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) in a research note on Monday, June 26th. Bank of Montreal Can increased its stake in shares of Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) in a report on Wednesday, July 26th.Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) from an "outperform" rating to a "neutral" rating and dropped their price objective for the company from $28.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Tuesday, June 6th.The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) in a report on Monday, April 17th. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/31/nuveen-asset-management-llc-sells-488432-shares-of-interpublic-group-of-companies-inc-the-ipg-updated-updated-updated.html. (The) from a "buy" rating to a "hold" rating in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.20 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, "hold" within the 3 range, "sell" within the 4 range, and "strong sell" within the 5 range). The company has an average rating of "Hold" and an average target price of $26.21. Macquarie downgraded Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. 3,025,308 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $8.42 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.42 and a beta of 1.56.Moving toward the technical facts, its current distance from 20-Day Simple Moving Average is -11.49% and standing -11.62% away from 50-Day Simple Moving Average while traded down -9.73% from 200-Day Simple Moving Average. The stock appeared $25.71 above its 52-week highs and is down -15.29% for the last five trades. (The) (NYSE:IPG) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, July 25th. The business services provider reported $0.27 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.34 by $0.07.ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. The company had revenue of $1.88 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.95 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.33 EPS. (The)'s revenue for the quarter was down 1.7% compared to the same quarter past year. (The) News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: "Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc". If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & global trademark and copyright laws.In other news, SVP Julie Connors sold 5,854 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 22nd.12/03/2015 - Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 10,592 shares in the company, valued at $256,961.92. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink.The stock grabbed 65 new institutional investments totaling 6,823,275 shares while 47 institutional investors sold out their entire positions totaling 5,699,402 shares. Bank of Montreal Can increased its stake in Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.According to Zacks, "Interpublic reported dismal second-quarter 2017 results and woefully missed the second-quarter 2017 earnings estimates". The firm bought 14,100 shares of the business services provider's stock, valued at approximately $347,000.Yet another important factor while evaluating a good buy/sell decision for The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) by 49.5% in the second quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 5,507 shares of the business services provider's stock worth $135,000 after buying an additional 331 shares during the last quarter. (The) by 0.6% in the second quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 44,300 shares of the business services provider's stock worth $1,090,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. boosted its position in shares of Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. NGAM Advisors L.P. now owns 164,333 shares of the business services provider's stock valued at $4,043,000 after buying an additional 22,521 shares during the period. Finally, BidaskClub upgraded Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) by 84.0% in the second quarter. Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. now owns 61,452 shares of the business services provider's stock valued at $1,512,000 after buying an additional 2,865 shares during the period. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.Receive Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.
 










Recent Posts:




Sure, a Mediterranean diet is healthy. But, it may not benefit everyone


US Senator McCain says he will offer Afghanistan strategy in September


After shutting chatbot system, Facebook now acquires AI startup


United States  lauds successful missile defense test with N.Korea in mind


Cowen and Company Analysts Give SunPower Corporation (SPWR) a $12.00 Price Target


Putin signs law to keep Russian base in Syria


Ghani denounces Daesh attack on Iraqi Embassy


Captain Marvel's Brie Larson Shares Adorable Meeting With Han Solo Film Cast


United States  changing, new opportunities for cooperation: Sushma Swaraj


Didi Chuxing to invest and partner with Uber's European rival Taxify


Powerboat driver from Nunica dies after crash during MI  race


Future of Kashmiris linked with Pakistan: Farooq


Shares now up at $50.85 (SOHU) Sohu.com's Subsidiary Sogou Inc. Plans…


Oppenheimer Cuts Rating On Ulta Beauty, Inc. (ULTA)


Ikorodu Murder : Police warn Lagosians against staying in isolated areas












Advertisement





Related Posts



The tweets about Man United's rumoured deal with Tinder are gas
		
				Needless to say, lucky fans do get to interact with Milik and even meet him over dates via Tinder.   Manchester United could soon have Tinder's logo on their jersey.			

Service chiefs arrive Maiduguri in line with Osinbajo's directive
		
				This was the outcome of a meeting the acting president held with the service chiefs, at the Aso Rock Presidential Villa in Abuja. An aircraft conveying the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, will also be landing in a few minutes.			

US Senate Too Divided to Keep Pushing for Healthcare, Senator Says
		
				But he warned: "Bailing out insurance companies, with no thought of any kind of reform, is not something I want to be a part of". We still pay much, much more for our health care than any other country on Earth - yet we leave millions without coverage.			

Sony reports highest first quarter profit
		
				Overall operating profit almost tripled to ¥157.61 billion as total sales rebounded 15.2 percent to ¥1.86 trillion for April-June. Note that this doesn't mean 63.3 million units have been sold to consumers, merely sent out to stores.			

Tribune Media (TRCO) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.06
		
				Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors acquired a new stake in shares of Tribune Media during the first quarter worth about $103,000. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was posted by Transcript Daily and is the sole property of of Transcript Daily.			

Man, dog rescued from raging creek in Fremont County
		
				A man and a dog were rescued Sunday after a dry creek bed quickly became flooded Sunday, the Fremont County Sheriff's Office said. During a storm in Colorado on Sunday, a man and his dog became surrounded by water and were trapped inside their vehicle .			

Pak-Origin Top LeT Commander And His Aide Killed In Pulwama Encounter
		
				This was the 5th time that Lashkar commander Dujana managed to give a slip to the security forces in Kashmir. The Jammu and Kashmir Police then gave an official confirmation on gunning down both Dujana and his aide.			

Ledyard National Bank Boosts Position in Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM)
		
				It fall, as 34 investors sold KBR shares while 81 reduced holdings. 104 funds opened positions while 652 raised stakes. Granite Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation by 3.6% in the first quarter.			

Hoertkorn Richard Charles Raises Position in GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK)
		
				The fund owned 315,515 shares of the pharmaceutical company's stock after buying an additional 20,955 shares during the period. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC's holdings in GlaxoSmithKline PLC were worth $119,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.			

American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc. (AXL) Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub
		
				According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are predicting a consensus target price of $80.59 on company stock. The business had revenue of $1.76 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.74 billion.			













Categories:


Markets
Arts&Culture
Industry
Research
Sports
World News
Medicine
Local

 


Edition:

Contacts 
 











Interpublic - 维基百科，自由的百科全书






























 






Interpublic

维基百科，自由的百科全书


					跳转至：					导航、					搜索



埃培智集团公司


175px


公司類型
公共有限公司


股票代號
NYSE：IPG


成立
1902年


代表人物
Michael I. Roth, 主席, CEO, & 总裁


總部
美国纽约市W.R.格雷斯大厦


产业
广告代理


營業額
▲$60.956亿 USD (2012)


息税前利润
▲$6.783亿 USD (2012)


净利润
▲$4.646亿 USD (2012)


員工人數
43,300 (2012)


网站
www.interpublic.com


埃培智集团有限公司（Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (IPG)、中国大陆翻译为“埃培智市场咨询”），世界四大广告传播集团之一(其他三家为宏盟集团、WPP集团和阳狮集团)，总部在纽约市。旗下拥有万博宣伟公关（Weber Shandwick）、McCann-Erikson麦肯环球广告、Lowe&Partners灵狮广告、FCB博达大桥广告和优势麦肯、以及Initiative媒介等。[1]
Michael Roth是现任IPG首席执行官.
历史[编辑]
1902年， Alfred W. Erickson 成立； 1911年， H.K. McCann 成立； 1930年，两家公司合并为 McCann-Erickson（麦肯公司现在的全称）。 1960年， McCann Erickson 在 Marion Harper Jr. 的带领下成为了股份公司，公司也改名为 Interpublic（IPG），并在1971年上市。 IPG 下一步就是寻找合适的收购对象，灵狮成为了第一个猎物。
1928年，联合利华（Unilever）下属的广告公司—— Lintas（Lever International Advertising Services ，灵狮）成立。 Frank Lowe 在 1981年在伦敦创建 Lowe 集团， 1990年该集团被 IPG 收购。 1999年， Lowe & Partners 与 Lintas 合并； 2000年改名为 Lowe Lintas & Partners Worldwide ； 2002年1月，又改名为 Lowe & Partners Worldwide（励富）。
2001年3月，在经过了与 Havas 的一番角逐后， IPG 以 21 亿美元收购 True North 传播集团。世界广告史上的元老之一的 FCB（博达大桥广告）正式被纳入 IPG 的帐下。
参考[编辑]


^ Agency Family Trees 2013: Interpublic Group -- IPG. [Aug 16, 2013]. 


外部链接[编辑]

Interpublic.com - 埃培智集团公司主页




这是一篇與公司和企业相關的小作品。你可以通过编辑或修订扩充其内容。


查
论
编









 
						取自“https://zh.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Interpublic&oldid=37372997”					
分类：纽约证券交易所上市公司跨国公司隐藏分类：缺少文件的条目使用过时图像语法的页面含有英語的條目全部小作品公司小作品 



导航菜单


个人工具

没有登录讨论贡献创建账户登录 



命名空间

条目
讨论




不转换



不转换
简体
繁體
大陆简体
香港繁體
澳門繁體
马新简体
台灣正體






视图

阅读
编辑
查看历史



更多







搜索



 







导航


首页分类索引特色内容新闻动态最近更改随机条目 



帮助


帮助维基社群方针与指引互助客栈知识问答字词转换IRC即时聊天联络我们关于维基百科资助维基百科 



打印/导出


下载为PDF 



工具


链入页面相关更改上传文件特殊页面打印页面固定链接页面信息维基数据项引用本页 



其他语言


DeutschEnglishSuomiFrançaisRomână 
编辑链接 





 本页面最后修订于2015年9月28日 (星期一) 05:51。
本站的全部文字在知识共享 署名-相同方式共享 3.0协议之条款下提供，附加条款亦可能应用。（请参阅使用条款）
Wikipedia®和维基百科标志是维基媒体基金会的注册商标；维基™是维基媒体基金会的商标。
维基媒体基金会是在美国佛罗里达州登记的501(c)(3)免税、非营利、慈善机构。


隐私政策
关于维基百科
免责声明
开发者
Cookie声明
手机版视图



 

 









Interpublic - 维基百科，自由的百科全书






























 






Interpublic

维基百科，自由的百科全书


					跳转至：					导航、					搜索



埃培智集团公司


175px


公司類型
公共有限公司


股票代號
NYSE：IPG


成立
1902年


代表人物
Michael I. Roth, 主席, CEO, & 总裁


總部
美国纽约市W.R.格雷斯大厦


产业
广告代理


營業額
▲$60.956亿 USD (2012)


息税前利润
▲$6.783亿 USD (2012)


净利润
▲$4.646亿 USD (2012)


員工人數
43,300 (2012)


网站
www.interpublic.com


埃培智集团有限公司（Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (IPG)、中国大陆翻译为“埃培智市场咨询”），世界四大广告传播集团之一(其他三家为宏盟集团、WPP集团和阳狮集团)，总部在纽约市。旗下拥有万博宣伟公关（Weber Shandwick）、McCann-Erikson麦肯环球广告、Lowe&Partners灵狮广告、FCB博达大桥广告和优势麦肯、以及Initiative媒介等。[1]
Michael Roth是现任IPG首席执行官.
历史[编辑]
1902年， Alfred W. Erickson 成立； 1911年， H.K. McCann 成立； 1930年，两家公司合并为 McCann-Erickson（麦肯公司现在的全称）。 1960年， McCann Erickson 在 Marion Harper Jr. 的带领下成为了股份公司，公司也改名为 Interpublic（IPG），并在1971年上市。 IPG 下一步就是寻找合适的收购对象，灵狮成为了第一个猎物。
1928年，联合利华（Unilever）下属的广告公司—— Lintas（Lever International Advertising Services ，灵狮）成立。 Frank Lowe 在 1981年在伦敦创建 Lowe 集团， 1990年该集团被 IPG 收购。 1999年， Lowe & Partners 与 Lintas 合并； 2000年改名为 Lowe Lintas & Partners Worldwide ； 2002年1月，又改名为 Lowe & Partners Worldwide（励富）。
2001年3月，在经过了与 Havas 的一番角逐后， IPG 以 21 亿美元收购 True North 传播集团。世界广告史上的元老之一的 FCB（博达大桥广告）正式被纳入 IPG 的帐下。
参考[编辑]


^ Agency Family Trees 2013: Interpublic Group -- IPG. [Aug 16, 2013]. 


外部链接[编辑]

Interpublic.com - 埃培智集团公司主页




这是一篇與公司和企业相關的小作品。你可以通过编辑或修订扩充其内容。


查
论
编









 
						取自“https://zh.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Interpublic&oldid=37372997”					
分类：纽约证券交易所上市公司跨国公司隐藏分类：缺少文件的条目使用过时图像语法的页面含有英語的條目全部小作品公司小作品 



导航菜单


个人工具

没有登录讨论贡献创建账户登录 



命名空间

条目
讨论




不转换



不转换
简体
繁體
大陆简体
香港繁體
澳門繁體
马新简体
台灣正體






视图

阅读
编辑
查看历史



更多







搜索



 







导航


首页分类索引特色内容新闻动态最近更改随机条目 



帮助


帮助维基社群方针与指引互助客栈知识问答字词转换IRC即时聊天联络我们关于维基百科资助维基百科 



打印/导出


下载为PDF 



工具


链入页面相关更改上传文件特殊页面打印页面固定链接页面信息维基数据项引用本页 



其他语言


DeutschEnglishSuomiFrançaisRomână 
编辑链接 





 本页面最后修订于2015年9月28日 (星期一) 05:51。
本站的全部文字在知识共享 署名-相同方式共享 3.0协议之条款下提供，附加条款亦可能应用。（请参阅使用条款）
Wikipedia®和维基百科标志是维基媒体基金会的注册商标；维基™是维基媒体基金会的商标。
维基媒体基金会是在美国佛罗里达州登记的501(c)(3)免税、非营利、慈善机构。


隐私政策
关于维基百科
免责声明
开发者
Cookie声明
手机版视图



 

 






Interpublic Group -10.2% as results miss low estimates - Interpublic Group of Companies Inc. (NYSE:IPG) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Interpublic Group -10.2% as results miss low estimatesJul. 25, 2017  9:56 AM ET|About: Interpublic Group of Compa... (IPG)|By: Jason Aycock, SA News Editor  Ad giant Interpublic Group (NYSE:IPG) is off 10.2% after a rough miss in its Q2 earnings, as foreign exchange and divestitures took out a modest organic revenue gain. "Client spending in the quarter reflected increased caution, but we don't see evidence of a broad-based economic downturn," said CEO Michael Roth. Revenues fell 1.7% for the quarter, hit by a foreign exchange negative impact of 1.1% and negative impact from net divestitures of 1%. That left an organic increase of 0.4%, made up of organic gains of 0.7% in the U.S. and no organic change internationally. Operating expenses declined 0.9% in Q2; they were down 0.3% for the first half of 2017. Operating income fell to $206.5M from a year-ago $224.3M. Operating margin was 11% vs. a year-ago 11.7%. Cash, equivalents and marketable securities came to $660.8M at quarter's end, down from a year-ago $675.4M and $1.1B at year-end 2016. Total debt was $1.82B. Press Release Now read: Interpublic Group of Companies Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call Slides »From other sitesRBC Capital's top 30 stock picks Video  at  CNBC.com (Apr 10, 2017)IPG CEO on YouTube advertiser boycott Video  at  CNBC.com (Apr  3, 2017)DOJ investigating rigging of contracts in ad industry: Dow Jones Video  at  CNBC.com (Dec  6, 2016)IPG's Roth on TV and digital advertising Video  at  CNBC.com (Sep 26, 2016)IPG CEO: Mergers aren't necessary  at  CNBC.com (Dec  3, 2014)





Interpublic Group of Companies - Wikipedia






















 






Interpublic Group of Companies

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (March 2007) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Interpublic Group of Companies





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: IPG
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Advertising agency


Predecessor
McCann-Erickson, Inc.


Founded
1930; 87 years ago (1930) (as McCann Erickson)
1961 (1961) (as Interpublic Group)


Headquarters
909 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10022
United States



Key people

Michael I. Roth, Chairman, CEO, & President[1]


Revenue



 US$ 7,613.8 million (2015) [2]
 US$ 7,537.1 million (2014) [2]






Net income




 US$ 480.5 million (2015) [2]
 US$ 505.4 million (2014) [2]





Total assets



 US$ 12,585.1 million (2015) [2]
 US$ 12,736.6 million (2014) [2]





Total equity



 US$ 2,001.8 million (2015) [2]
 US$ 2,151.2 million (2014) [2]






Number of employees

49,700 [3] As of April 2016[update]


Website
www.interpublic.com


The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (IPG) is a publicly traded advertising company.
The company consists of three major networks: McCann Worldgroup, Lowe and Partners, and FCB. Its media agencies are bundled under the IPG Mediabrands entity. It also owns a number of specialty agencies, including public relations, sports marketing, talent representation, and healthcare.[4]It is now one of the "Big Four" agency companies, alongside WPP, Publicis and Omnicom.[5] Michael Roth is the current CEO.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Companies
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]





This section contains information of unclear or questionable importance or relevance to the article's subject matter. Please help improve this section by clarifying or removing superfluous information. If importance cannot be established, the section is likely to be moved to another article, pseudo-redirected, or removed.
Find sources: "Interpublic Group of Companies" – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR (May 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


IPG was founded as McCann-Erickson in September, 1930. In January, 1961, it was renamed Interpublic Group and created the first marketing services management holding company with McCann-Erickson as a subsidiary.[6]
In 2002, IPG suffered a precipitous drop in its stock price and reputation in an accounting scandal. In that year, Interpublic was alleged in violation of the Securities Exchange Act over misrepresentation and artificially inflating its earnings.[7] As of November 18, 2008 (taking into account stock splits), IPG's stock has sold at approximately the same price it was on November 18, 1987.[8]
On August 13, 2002, the Interpublic Group of Companies announced to restate financial statements, due to uncertain economic environment and imbalances in certain accounts containing inter-Company activity and related balance sheet items that warranted further scrutiny.[relevant? – discuss][9] On November 13, the final amount of the restatement was reported to be $181.3 million, which reduced previously reported pre-tax income, substantially all of which is related to periods 2001 and prior reporting periods.[relevant? – discuss][10] On March 6, 2003, IPG restated the third quarter of 2002, after identifying $135.8 million of pre-tax charges relating to asset impairments and other operating expenses at Octagon Motor Sports.[relevant? – discuss][11] On September 15, 2005, IPG announced to restate earnings for fiscal 2000 through 2004, due to problems in accounting for revenue, acquisitions and lease expenses. The company also fired some employees in its investigation of accounting errors and potential misconduct.[relevant? – discuss][12] On March 22, 2006, IPG's financial review process resulted in restatement of 2005 interim periods and the recording of immaterial out-of-period adjustments to fourth quarter 2005 financial results.[relevant? – discuss][13]
Interpublic, working to simplify its structure after its overload of deals in the 1990s and 2000s, did not complete any acquisitions in 2005 and 2006.[citation needed] It disposed of 51 businesses in 2005 and 2006, primarily outside the U.S.; Interpublic said it exited 23 "loss-making international affiliates" in 2006.[14] Interpublic in April 2007 announced it agreed to buy Reprise Media, a search engine marketing firm.[citation needed] In July of that same year, FCB-Ulka Advertising Private Limited, a subsidiary of IPG, was renamed DRAFTFCB+Ulka Advertising Pvt. Ltd.[15]
Companies[edit]
As of July 2016[16]


Campbell Ewald
Cassidy & Associates
Deutsch Inc.
FCB (new name of Draftfcb, a merger of Draft Worldwide and Foote, Cone & Belding Worldwide)
Golin
Hill Holliday
HUGE
Jack Morton Worldwide
The Martin Agency
McCann
MullenLowe Profero
Octagon Worldwide
R/GA
Rogers & Cowan
Tierney Communications
Universal McCann
MRM//McCann
UXUS
Weber Shandwick


References[edit]


^ a b "Executive Profile Michael Isor Roth". Bloomberg Business. June 15, 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g h "INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES INC 2015 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 22, 2016. 
^ IPG. "About - IPG". interpublic.com. 
^ "Agency Family Trees 2013: Interpublic Group -- IPG". Retrieved Aug 16, 2013. 
^ The New York Times. "Advertising's Big Four: It's Their World Now". 
^ "IPG Company Profile". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-09. 
^ "Abbey Gardy, LLP Announces Class Action Lawsuit Against The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. and Certain of its Officers and Directors -- IPG". September 2, 2002. Retrieved Jul 18, 2013. 
^ "Yahoo! Finance Charts". Finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved 2013-06-14. 
^ "The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. Expects to Restate Financial Statements". 
^ "Interpublic Earnings Restatement Finalized At $181.3 Million.". 
^ "Interpublic Reports Fourth Quarter 2002 Results". 
^ "Interpublic to restate 2000-2004 profit". 
^ "Interpublic Announces Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2005 Results". 
^ Johnson, Bradley (26 April 2007). "No. 3 Interpublic Group of Cos.". Adage. Retrieved 24 November 2015. 
^ "Company Overview of DRAFTFCB+Ulka Advertising Pvt. Ltd.". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved 2013-12-05. 
^ List of IPG agencies


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Interpublic Group of Companies: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Interpublic Group of Companies






Campbell Mithun
Cassidy & Associates
FCB
Golin Harris International
Gotham
Hill Holliday
HUGE
IPG Mediabrands (Universal McCann)
Jack Morton Worldwide
Jay Advertising
McCann Worldgroup (McCann Erickson
MRM Worldwide)
Mullen Advertising
Octagon
R/GA
Rogers & Cowan
The Martin Agency
TM Advertising
Weber Shandwick










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Interpublic_Group_of_Companies&oldid=791035670"					
Categories: Companies established in 1960Advertising agencies of the United StatesCompanies based in New York CityCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeInterpublic GroupHolding companies of the United StatesHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from March 2007All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from April 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsWikipedia articles that may have off-topic sectionsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisRomânăSuomi中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 18:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






