

JSTI Group: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 12:25 PM ET
Construction and Engineering

Company Overview of JSTI Group



Snapshot People




Company Overview
JSTI Group operates provides engineering consultancy services in China and internationally. The company’s services include planning consultation, exploration and design, scientific research, testing, quality management consulting and new materials, and new technologies and product development services. It offers its services for highways, municipal utilities, urban rail transport systems, water transportation, railways, environment, aviation, architecture, and other fields. The company was formerly known as Jiangsu Transportation Research Institute Co., Ltd. and changed its name to JSTI Group in March 2015. JSTI Group was founded in 1978 and is headquartered in Nanjing, China.


No.2200 Chengxin AvenueHigh-tech ParkJiangning DistrictNanjing,  ChinaFounded in 19787,209 Employees



Phone: 86 25 8657 6555

www.jsti.com







Key Executives for JSTI Group


JSTI Group does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



JSTI Group Key Developments

JSTI Group to Report First Half, 2017 Results on Aug 01, 2017
Jul 6 17
JSTI Group announced that they will report first half, 2017 results on Aug 01, 2017


JSTI Group Approves Amendments to Articles of Association; Approves Cash Dividend for 2016; Approves Nomination of Li Dapeng as Director Candidate
May 10 17
JSTI Group announced that at the annual general meeting of 2016 held on May 9, 2017 approved amendments to the company's articles of association.

The company also approved cash dividend (tax included) of CNY 1.400 per 10 shares for the year 2016.

The company also approved nomination of Li Dapeng as director candidate.


JSTI Group Proposes Amendments to Articles of Association
Apr 18 17
JSTI Group will propose amendments to the company's articles of association at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 09 May 2017.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 A La Shan Zuo Qi City Construction Investment Development Company Asia ABC Construction Engineering Co., LTD. Asia Aksu Xincheng Assets Investment Operation Co., Ltd. Asia Alaer Xinyangguang Technology Company Limited Asia Alstom (Wuhan) Engineering & Technology Co., Ltd. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      January 17, 2017
			    
Eptisa Servicios de Ingeniería S.L.



Merger/Acquisition

			      October 10, 2016
			    
Zhongshan Water Conservancy Project Serveying & Consulting Co., Ltd.





Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact JSTI Group, please visit www.jsti.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Company Profile










 



About Us

Company Profile
Qualification &Certificates
Honor Awards
Research Platform
Patents
News Center


What We Do

Highways
Municipal Utility
Urban Rail Transport
Water Transport
Railways
Environment
Aviation
Architecture
Miscellaneous


Organizations

Operational Divisions
Domestic Branches
Domestic Subsidiaries
Overseas Subsidiaries


Join Us

Search Jobs
Training&Development
Our Culture


Investors

Directors/Supervisors and Senior Managements
Financial Reports
Temporary Notice
FAQs







home
中文 |
		English 












 


About Us
 < About Us < Company Profile




Company Profile


Qualification &Certificates


Honor Awards


Research Platform


Patents


News Center

News and Information
Modern Transportation
Jiangsu Transportation










Company Profile
Past：JSTI Group (hereinafter referred to as “JSTI”) was formerly known as “Jiangsu Provincial Institute of Traffic Science”, which was built in 1978 and became the first one transformed from a public institution to a technological private enterprise with the mechanism of ESOP in China’s transportation industry. On January 10th,2012, JSTI was officially listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and initiated public offering of A-shares. In 2016, the group established the strategic relationship with two European and American companies: Spain EPTISA SERVICIOS DE INGENIERÍA, S.L. (the world's leading engineering consulting company) and Test America Environmental Services, LLC (America's largest environmental test service provider).Today：JSTI has always been committed in providing our customers with one-stop, professional and comprehensive solutions. Our business areas cover roads, municipal projects, water systems, city rails, railways, aviation and construction, environment etc. We have developed into a group consisting of many enterprises withthe following as core business: planning consultation, exploration and design, scientific research, test, quality management consulting and new materials, new technologies and new product development. Now we have been on the markets of 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China, and also showing our presence on the overseas markets. We have 31 branches in other provinces, 42 wholly-owned subsidiaries and 8participated subsidiaries. Future:In the future, the company will deepen its matured businesses, expand new businesses, actively explore the coming businesses, as well as continue to innovate its business layout to maintain sustainable competitiveness.Vision:Our Vision is to earn trust and integrity for a better futureWe pursue innovation, vitality, and sustainably rapid development;We pursue professionalism and integrity to earn customers' trust;We aim at providing better solutions,developing a new business, and expanding our markets in order to contribute our wisdom for a better future.Mission:Our sustainable Innovations achieve client value and environment improvementWe are keen on provision of new technologies for our customers' value and environment improvement and continuous innovation is to realize JSTI's value.Core Values:Customer Focus：We emphasize on understanding our customer's opinions; keep the commitment to customers;and create values for customersTalent Development:We encourage employees to fully display their values and make efforts to build a first-class team so as to grow togetherTeamwork Spirit:We promote team cooperation; speak openly and openly and transparently; support each other; and share successInnovation Excellence:We pursue excellence and encourage innovation activities on services, technologies, products, and managementResult Orientation:We pay attention to execution;require specialty and normalization; and reward excellent performance





﻿

JSTI GROUP 苏ICP备11019701号-4


苏公网安备 32011502010265号
DESIGN BY DERUNSITE MAP|Legal|Contact>










JSTI Group to purchase TestAmerica






















 

















KNOWLEDGE HOME 
COUNTRIES 
INDUSTRIES 
SERVICES 
ONE BELT ONE ROAD
EVENTS 





JSTI Group to purchase TestAmerica
Date: 03 Jun 2016


China’s JSTI Group announced today that it plans to acquire TestAmerica Environmental Services LLC. The Group has already signed a merger agreement and proposal with with TestAmerica and intends to set up a wholly owned subsidiary in the U.S. to complete the acquisition.  


TestAmerica Environmental Services LLC is a leading analytical laboratory for environmental testing services in the United States. It offers service solutions to the American Department of Defense and Department of Energy.


JSTI Group views this acquisition as a step in the global expansion of its business.  Founded in 1978, JSTI Group is a Chinese multi-disciplinary conglomerate with business operations covering municipal project planning, traffic engineering consulting and contracting, and product/technology development.



 


		Disclaimer
	
The information on this page may have been provided by a contributor to ChinaGoAbroad, and ChinaGoAbroad makes no guarantees about the accuracy of any content. All content shall be used for informational purposes only. Contributors must obtain all necessary licenses and/or ownership rights from the relevant content owner(s) before submitting the same to ChinaGoAbroad for publication. ChinaGoAbroad disclaims all liability arising from the publication of content received from contributors. Links may direct to third party sites out of the control of ChinaGoAbroad, and such links shall not be considered an endorsement by ChinaGoAbroad of any information contained on such third party sites. Please refer to our Disclaimer for more details.




TagsRegions & CountriesUSAIndustriesOthers

Contact Us



Latest Recent TransactionsMoreS. Korean giant SK Holdings to invest in HK logistics developer ESRGIC leads $220m round in Chinese P2P lending platform DianrongHutchison sells HK fixed-line business to I Squared for $1.9 billionFosun, Sanyuan to acquire French margarine maker St Hubert for $733mTencent invests $23m in British video games developer Frontier 


        Back to Recent Transactions Page













About Us
Contact
Disclaimer
Careers


Copyright © 2011-2017 ChinaGoAbroad Limited All Rights Reserved. 京ICP备13051223号



  
www.ZouChuQu.cn





  



















Contact






 











Justi Group, Inc.







            Contact Us:
            Justi Group, Inc.
            804 Old Lancaster Road
            Berwyn, PA, USA 19312
            Email: info@justigroup.com
            Phone: 610-854-0440 â€¢ Fax: 610-854-0451 
    




Welcome to Justi Group
Justi Group, Inc. (JGI) is a privately owned holding company with entrepreneurial roots dating back to the mid 1800s. JGI provides ongoing financial, administrative and strategic support to a family of affiliated businesses, all of which manufacture highly specialized materials for use in dental, cosmetic, audiologic, medical, pharmaceutical and related applications. Its focus is on global expansion through uncompromising quality standards, product and process innovation, extraordinary customer responsiveness, local manufacturing capabilities and strategic product and business acquisition.
    




















TestAmerica Announces Merger With China Based JSTI Group



















 























Webinars
   |   


International
   |   


Careers
   |   


About Us
   |   

1-866-785-LABS


 
				   
				




Search










Home >
				Press Releases >
				2016 >
			TestAmerica Announces Merger With China Based JSTI Group







More Information
Ask the Expert
Request Quote



* Indicates required field







First Name:
*





Last Name:
*





Company:
*



Address:





City:
*





State/Province:
*





Zipcode:
*





Phone:
*



Email:
*



Description:
I am interested in learning more about TestAmerica Announces Merger With China Based JSTI Group...









TestAmerica's Experts are ready to assist you.
Please select an Expertise:

Please select...
∙ Air, Vapor, Gas Testing
∙ Benzene Fenceline Monitoring
∙ Customer Organics, Analytical Applications
∙ Customer Service and TotalAccess
∙ Decommissioning and Complex Matrices
∙ Dioxins, PCBs, Explosives, and Endocrine Disruptors
∙ Hydrocarbon Chemistry
∙ Industrial Hygiene
∙ International Support
∙ Leaching Environmental Assessment Framework
∙ Metals Speciation and Incremental Sampling Methodologies
∙ Method Development
∙ Molecular Diagnostics and Indoor Air Quality
∙ Mycology
∙ On-Site Laboratory Operations
∙ PFAS, Explosives and LCMS Support
∙ Quality Assurance and Data Integrity Systems
∙ Quality Assurance and QAPP Development for Federal Programs and DoD QSM
∙ Radiochemistry
∙ Sediments, Tissues, Dredged Material & CCR
∙ Source Air Emissions
∙ Stationary Source Sampling and Analysis
∙ TotalAccess
Other TestAmerica Services







Taryn McKnight
Client Relations Manager, TestAmerica
Taryn McKnight is a senior air specialist with TestAmerica. With over 10 years of environmental experience specializing in the air market, Mrs. McKnight is responsible for providing technical guidance and support to clients, agencies and industry personnel across the country. With her years of industry and project management experience, Mrs. McKnight is well versed in developing an analytical approach, as well as a quality program that ensures the necessary data quality objectives are being met. With a special focus on understanding federal and regional guidance related to Vapor Intrusion, Mrs. McKnight provides strategic support in the development of sampling and analysis plans.









Tom Yoder
Marketing Director, TestAmerica Laboratories, Inc.
Tom Yoder, Product Manager for TestAmerica based in Knoxville, Tennessee, has more than 25 years of experience in the environmental testing industry.  He has held positions in Laboratory Management, Project Management, Marketing and Customer Service. Mr. Yoder has extensive experience with laboratory services for complex regulatory programs such as source emissions testing and ambient air.  Mr. Yoder’s experience as a Project Manager, Laboratory Director and Vice President of Operations has allowed him to assist clients in designing and implementing cost effective sampling and analysis plans.
Mr. Yoder earned his BS in Business Administration from Shippensburg University in Pennsylvania in 1982.









Bryce Stearns
Corporate Technical Director, TestAmerica
- Mr. Stearns has over 25 years of experience in the environmental laboratory industry including; laboratory operations, laboratory management, analytical method development, Quality Assurance, and development of specialized laboratory analyses.
As one of Test America’s Corporate Technical Directors, Mr. Stearns is responsible for the development, validation and implementation of new and modified analytical methodologies; the review of routine and non-routine analytical data for validation purposes; and for the creation of technical documents and analytical polices that are used across the Test America network. Mr. Stearns has extensive experience with organic sample analysis and reporting using methodologies found in USEPA SW-846, CLP SOM01.2, SDWA and the TO Compendium of Air Toxic methods encompassing the analysis of water, soil, sediment, and tissue samples for a wide variety of chemical contaminates including pesticide, PCBs, volatile and semi-volatile compounds. 
Mr. Stearns received a Bachelor of Science Degree in Environmental Science from Johnson State College, Johnson Vermont in 1983.









Erin Arasate
Manager of Projects, TestAmerica
Erin Arasate, Manager of Projects for TestAmerica, has more than 10 years’ experience in the environmental laboratory industry.  Her well rounded experience with TestAmerica includes positions in project management, information technology, customer service and analytical chemistry.  In her current position, Ms. Arasate is responsible for the successful coordination and completion of initiatives and projects within TestAmerica’s Customer Service Organization, as well as training for customer service staff throughout the TestAmerica network. 
Ms. Arasate earned a Bachelor of Arts in Biology and a Bachelor of Science in Environmental Studies with concentrations in Marine/Freshwater Ecology and Environmental Science from Gettysburg College in Pennsylvania.









Raymond Risden
Technical Services Director, TestAmerica Laboratories, Inc.
Raymond Risden has over 24 years of experience in the environmental testing industry, and currently holds the role of Technical Director at Test America at the Canton, Ohio laboratory.
He has held positions in laboratory management, and has extensive experience with organic methods and analysis. Over the past several years he has developed and adapted laboratory methodology in the analysis and processing of unique and uncommon matrices requiring testing for the demolition and remediation of facilities in multiple industries.
Mr. Risden earned his BS in Biology and minor in Chemistry from Walsh University North Canton, Ohio in 1992.









Eric Redman
Corporate Director of Technical Services, TestAmerica 
Eric Redman has over 30 years of experience in the environmental testing industry, specializing in the application of analytical chemistry to environmental problems. Mr. Redman is the Corporate Director of Technical Services for TestAmerica's network of laboratories in the United States. His duties include implementing technical best practices, development and improvement of analytical methods, and assisting customers with analytical challenges.
Previously, Mr. Redman served as a Laboratory Director, Sales Director, Marketing Director, and Technical Director for TestAmerica. Mr. Redman's technical expertise combined with a detailed understanding of regulatory compliance and other client requirements has driven TestAmerica's 3-fold expansion of its high-resolution GC/MS and LC/MS services. From Dioxins to PCB Congeners, Brominated Flame Retardants and other emerging contaminants, Mr. Redman has championed commercial application of state-of-the-art analytical services across a wide range of markets. He provides support for clients, regulators, and other data users regarding trace level analyses, including Dioxins/Furans, PCB Congeners, Pesticides, Endocrine Disrupting Compounds, and Emerging Contaminants. Mr. Redman has extensive experience in industrial and government programs supporting projects for the EPA, ACOE, Navy, and AFCEE.
Mr. Redman received a BS in Chemistry and Physics from California State University and a MS degree in Chemical Physics from the University of California-Riverside.
Professional Affiliations
American Chemical SocietyAmerican Society for Mass SpectrometryTrade Association for Pulp and Paper Industry of America
Publications
Mr. Redman has published articles in journals and presented papers at scientific conferences, which include:

E.W. Redman and T.H. Morton, "Product Determining Steps in Gas Phase Bronsted Acid-Base Reactions. Deprotonation of 1-Methylcyclopentyl Cation by Amine Bases, J. Am. Chem. Soc. 1986, 108, 5701-5708.
T.H. Morton, D.A. Stams and E.W. Redman, "Ion-Molecule Complexes in First and Second-Order Reactions. Connecting the Two Kinetic Resume in the Gas Phase," proceedings of the 34th Annual Conference on Mass Spectrometry and Allied Topics (ASMS), June 1986, 973-974.
E.W. Redman, D.A. Stams and T.H. Morton, "Dynamics of Gas-Phase Acid-Base Reactions." Neutral Products from Deprotonation of Methylcyclopentyl Cation by Uncharged Bases." in Advances in Mass Spectrometry 1985, Part B, (ed. J.F.J. Todd), John Wiley & Sons, Inc. Publishers, 1986, 1177-1178.










Mike Dunn
Technical Director, TestAmerica
Mr. Dunn has 36 years of experience in environmental testing. He has served as the Nashville laboratory Technical Director since 1996 and has been in charge of Quality Assurance. Mr. Dunn's responsibilities include method development, instrumentation evaluation/recommendations/repair, support for project management and sales/marketing, process optimization, SOP revision/development, analyst training, data review, and Operational Management of the Inorganic Chemistry Department.
Mr. Dunn also serves as one of the Technical contacts for the TestAmerica Best Practice initiative, which seeks out method and analytical improvements and assists in implementation throughout the company. He is also experienced in forensics, electronics and aerospace (metal alloys and composites).
Mr. Dunn earned his BS and MS degrees in Chemistry from Middle Tennessee State University.  
Professional Affiliations
American Chemical SocietyASTM International
Publications
Mr. Dunn has published articles in journals and presented papers at scientific conferences, which include:

Spectroscopic Determination of Iron in Metal Processing Solutions
Rapid Determination of Ionic Contaminants by HPLC
Determination of Anions in Soldering Fluxes by HPLC
Chemical Processing Aluminum After Plastic Media Blasting










Mike McGee, MS, CIH
Laboratory Director, TestAmerica
Mike McGee has 30 years of experience as an Industrial Hygienist and Industrial Hygiene Laboratory Director. His experience includes 5 years as an Industrial Hygienist for a heavy equipment manufacturer and 10 years as an Industrial Hygiene Consultant.
Mr. McGee has extensive experience in NIOSH and OSHA methodology, designing air and wipe sampling surveys, regulatory compliance and environmental laboratory methodology.
Mr. McGee has been a Certified Industrial Hygienist since 1983. He earned a BA in Biology from the University of Iowa and an MS in Public Health from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst.
Professional Affiliations
American Industrial Hygiene AssociationAmerican Academy of Industrial HygieneIowa-Illinois Section, American Industrial Hygiene AssociationEnvironmental Professionals of IowaIowa Groundwater Association
Certifications
Certified in Industrial Hygiene
Publications
Poirier, David A. and Kenneth L Feder. Health, Safety and Archeology. Westport Connecticut: Bergin & Garvey. 2001. Chapter 9, Old Cemeteries, Arsenic, Health & Safety.
Konefes, J.L. and M.K. McGee. Old Cemeteries, Arsenic, and Health Safety. Cultural Resource Management, Vol. 19, No. 10, 1996.
McGee, Michael K., and R. Kent Oestenstad. The Effect of the Growth of Facial Hair on Protection Factors for One Model of Closed-Circuit, Pressure-Demand, Self-Contained Breathing Apparatus. Am. Ind. Hyg. Assoc. J. 44(7): 480-484 (1983).
Moore, G.S., E.J. Calabrese and M.K. McGee. Health Effects of Monochloramine in Drinking Water. J. Environ. Sci. Health A15(3) 239-258 (1980).









John Meade
Senior Account Executive, TestAmerica Laboratories, Inc.
John Meade has 25 years of experience in the environmental field including sales of environmental chemical laboratory services, client services, project management, laboratory analysis, field sampling, asbestos abatement, industrial hygiene, consulting, and handling hazardous waste. Mr Meade's various positions within TestAmerica and its legacy companies have included Sales Manager, Industrial Hygienist, and Asbestos Supervisor. He has knowledge of all aspects of the environmental laboratory. He possesses excellent leadership skills and is highly skilled with internal and external customer relations.
Mr Meade has been working on International projects for the last 7 years. Currently, Mr Meade oversees two large projects in Chile and Iraq. He assisted in the set-up and operations of STL Ecuador. He has developed documents for shipping to and from over 30 countries worldwide and provides clients with key logistical support on a daily basis.
Mr. Meade is the Business development Manager for TestAmerica's Central and International Regions. He received a BA in Anthropology from Buffalo State College in Buffalo, NY, and serves on the Board of Directors for the Air & Waste Management Association Coastal Plains Chapter.









Larry Matko
Technical Director, TestAmerica
Larry Matko has more than 24 years of experience in the environmental testing industry, and is currently the Technical Director at TestAmerica in Pittsburgh, PA.
Mr. Matko's technical knowledge and analytical expertise allowed him to implement the Leaching Environmental Assessment Framework (LEAF) methods within TestAmerica. Methods 1313, 1314, 1315, and 1316 are new methods in SW-846 by the U.S. EPA.
Mr. Matko earned his BS degree in Chemical Engineering at Pennsylvania State University.









Dr. Mark Bruce
Corporate Technical Director, TestAmerica
Dr. Mark Bruce has over 35 years of environmental analytical chemistry experience in academic and commercial laboratories. He has led method development and modification projects for both organic and inorganic analyses, which include arsenic speciation, methyl mercury, low-level mercury, vapor space organics, leaching and incremental sampling methodology (ISM). Dr. Bruce has been actively involved with the Interstate Technology and Regulatory Council (ITRC) committee for ISM, and he is a recipient of the ITRC Industry Recognition Award for his contribution. He also has experience developing custom cleanup methods to address sample specific interferences.As Corporate Technical Director, Dr. Bruce's duties include investigation and implementation of new technology, process improvement, and leading technical project teams within TestAmerica. His method development work has involved incremental sampling methodology, mercury, metals speciation and organic extractions.Dr. Bruce earned his BS in Chemistry at the University of Mount Union, OH, and his Ph.D. in Analytical Chemistry at the University of Cincinnati, OH.
Professional Affiliations
The American Chemical Society
Publications
Dr. Bruce has published articles in journals and presented at environmental conferences and symposia over the past 24 years, which include:

Soil Sampling and Decision Making Using Incremental Sampling Methodology (ISM) Part 2 – Implement, Assess, and Apply, Sep. 2014
ISM Sampling Workshop, California DTSC, Aug. 2014
ISM Case Studies: Using Project Objectives to select Laboratory Processing Options, TCEQ Trade Fair, May 2014
Applying Incremental Sampling Methodology to Sediments, Battelle Sediment Conference, Feb. 2013
Incremental Sampling Methodology (ISM) Field and Laboratory Implementation, TCEQ Trade Fair, May 2012
Incremental Sampling Methodology - ITRC Status Report, Ohio Brownfields May 2011
Laboratory Processing and Analysis of Incremental Samples, Environmental Monitoring and Data Quality, Apr. 2010
Mercury Species Analysis  by Method 1630, PittCon, Mar. 2010
Methyl Mercury Analysis with Derivatization Purge & Trap GC, National Environmental Monitoring Conference, Aug. 2009
Laboratory Support for Multi-Increment Sampling, Business of Brownfields, May. 2009
Avoiding False Negative SVOC Results Caused by Hydrocarbon Interferences with Dilution and Deconvolution, PittCon, Mar. 2008
Mercury Monitoring – Collection Challenges and Analytical Advances, Clearwaters NYWEA Newsletter, Oct. 2007
High Speed Soil Mixing  to Improve Sub-Sampling  for Environmental Analysis, PittCon, Feb. 2007
The Commercialization Of Hexavalent Chromium Determination Using Method 6800 With Speciated Isotope Dilution Mass Spectrometry (SIDMS), National Environmental Monitoring Conference, Aug. 2006
In-Lab Soil Homogenization to Improve Sub-Sampling for Metals  and Semi-Volatile Organics, Louisville Chemistry Conference, Jun. 2006
Pursuit of Practical Particle Size Reduction and Sub-sampling for the Environmental Testing Laboratory, National Environmental Monitoring Conference, Aug. 2005
Low Level Mercury Monitoring Sample Collection and Analysis, Illinois Water Environment Association, Apr. 2005
Solid Sample Homogenization and Subsampling: Lab Perspective, Louisville Chemistry Conference Jun. 2004
Turning Dirt Into Dust, Soil Grinding Options, PittCon Mar. 2004
Mercury Falling, Low Level Mercury Analysis, Indiana Water Environment Association, Nov. 2003
Vapor Space Organics, Update for a Venerable Method Designed to Monitor Flammable Gasses Entering the Sewer System, 26th Annual Conference on Analysis of Pollutants in the Environment, Apr. 2003
Inorganic Arsenic Speciation Modifications for Method 7063, Louisville Chemistry Conference, Jun. 2002
Method 1631 –  Mercury Holding Time Study, 25th Annual Conference on Analysis of Pollutants in the Environment, Apr. 2002
Mercury Falling, Water Environment & Technology, Nov. 2001
Automated determination of mercury by cold vapor atomic fluorescence with gold amalgamation, American Laboratory, p. 26, Sep. 2001
Analytical Method Developments to Support Partioning Interwell Tracer Testing, Waste Testing and Quality assurance Symposium, Aug. 2000
Mercury in Soil Screening  by Immunoassay, Waste Testing and Quality assurance Symposium, July 1998
Phenoxyacid Herbicide Screening, PittCon, Mar. 1998
Accidental Chemistry, Waste Testing and Quality assurance Symposium, July 1997
Volatiles Productivity Enhancement with an XSD® Detector, Waste Testing and Quality assurance Symposium, July 1996
Soxhlet Alternatives for the Environmental Lab, Waste Testing and Quality assurance Symposium, July 1995
Laboratory Evaluation of Immunoassay PCB Tests, Waste Testing and Quality assurance Symposium, July 1994
Accelerated One Step Extractor/Concentrator, Waste Testing and Quality assurance Symposium, July 1993
Concentration of Water Soluble Volatile Organic Compounds from Aqueous Samples by Azeotropic Microdistillation, Environmental Science & Technology, p. 160, Jan. 1992
Supercritical Fluid Extraction of TPHs and Analysis by Infrared Spectroscopy, Waste Testing and Quality assurance Symposium, July 1991
A Method for the Concentration and Analysis of Trace Methanol in Water by Distillation and Gas Chromatography, Waste Testing and Quality assurance Symposium, July 1990










Dr. Richard Burrows
Corporate Technical Director, TestAmerica
Dr. Richard Burrows is a Corporate Technical Director for TestAmerica’s network of laboratories in the United States. His duties include implementing new technology, improving existing methods, and leading technical groups within TestAmerica. Dr. Burrows has over 30 years of experience in analytical chemistry in academic and commercial laboratory settings.
He has been actively involved with environmental methods and techniques through the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), American Council of Independent Laboratories (ACIL), and Environmental Laboratory Advisory Board (ELAB) organizations. His work has involved bringing new perspectives to method detection limits (MDLs), calibration, quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC), and method development.
Dr. Burrows is currently Chair of the NELAC Institute's (TNI) Environmental Measurement Methods Expert Committee, and is twice recipient of the ACIL Preston Millar Award.
Dr. Burrows has a Ph.D. in Analytical Chemistry from the University of Bristol, England, and performed research in gas chromatography and mass spectrometry at San Diego State University.
Professional Affiliations
Chair of the Technical Committee of the American Council of Independent Laboratories.
Professional Activities
On August 14, 2008, Dr. Burrows presented on a new procedure designed to determine method detection and quantitation limits at the 2008 National Environmental Monitoring Conference (NEMC) in Washington, DC.
This procedure, pioneered by Dr. Burrows and further developed under his leadership in association with an EPA sponsored Federal Advisory Committee, is intended to replace the current method detection limit (MDL) procedure found in Title 40 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
Presentations
Analysis of Flue Gas Desulfurization Wastewaters by ICP-MS
Detection, Quantification and Calibration: Impacts on Data Quality in Environmental Chemistry Webinar
Analysis of flue gas desulfurization wastewaters by Agilent 7700x ICP-MS; Richard Burrows, TestAmerica Laboratories Inc. USA, Steve Wilbur, Agilent Technologies Inc. USA
Turning Data into Information by Richard Burrows 2010









Dr. Michael Berg
Regional Director, EMLab P&K, a TestAmerica company
Dr. Berg has 14 years of experience in molecular biology.
Dr. Berg's expertise is in molecular diagnostics, in particular, the use of PCR for the detection of environmental microorganisms. As a Senior Molecular Biologist, he provides consultation to clients in issues related to molecular diagnostics and allergen detection.
Dr. Berg earned his Ph.D. degree in Biology at TU Darmstadt, Germany with Postdoctoral experience in Plant Pathology.
Publications
Dr. Berg has peer-reviewed publications, thesis publications, and various poster presentations, which include:

Berg M, Rogers R, and Meinke D (2005). Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases are required for reproductive development in Arabidopsis. Plant J. 44(5):866-78.
Joshi BD, Berg M, Rogers J, Fletcher J, Melcher U (2005).Sequence comparisons of plasmids pBJS-O of Spiroplasma citri and pSKU146 of S. kunkelii: implications for plasmid evolution. BMC Genomics. 7;6:175.
Berg M, Rogers R, and Meinke D (2004). Functional analysis of essential genes using epitope-tagging. 15th International Conference on Arabidopsis Research. Berlin, Germany
Berg M, Muralla R, Rogers R, and Meinke D (2003). Essential genes with unknown functions. 14th International Conference on Arabidopsis Research. Madison, WI.










Dr. Ariunaa Jalsrai
Senior Mycologist, EMLab P&K, a TestAmerica company
Dr. Ariunaa Jalsrai has 15 years of experience in mycology and has been working in the environmental testing industry for 7 years. Her expertise is in fungal taxonomy and microbial ecology. As a senior mycologist, she provides consultation to clients in issues related to mycology.
Dr. Jalsrai earned her Ph.D. in microbiology at the Moscow State University in Russia, followed by a postdoctoral tenure at the University of Wyoming.
Publications
Ariunaa Jalsrai (2000). Mongolian mined land and reclamation. International Symposium "Land Reclamation", Beijing. p. 530-534.
A. Jalsrai and D. Bayarlkhagva (1998). Distribution of Deuteromycetes in different soils of Mongolia and their taxonomy. Biology, 6 (136). p. 37-45.









Timothy Knollmeyer
Regional Service Center Manager, TestAmerica
Timothy Knollmeyer has 21 years of experience in the environmental laboratory industry that includes extensive experience in the analyses of soil, air, and water by Gas Chromatography.
Working in the Mobile Lab division, Mr. Knollmeyer did extensive testing of VOC's, PCB's and TPH in field-deployed laboratories. He has experience in the analyses of metals by X-ray Fluorescence. In addition to these common tests, Mr. Knollmeyer has trained significantly in Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) instrumentation, and deployed a field laboratory to test for known anthrax contamination.
As TestAmerica Operations Director, Mr. Knollmeyer's responsibilities also include the operational management of the analytical laboratory and program management staff of the TestAmerica Westfield facility in Massachusetts, including approximately 30 chemists, scientists, and project managers. He is responsible for the oversight of the Mobile Laboratory group and the issuance of quotations for Mobile Lab jobs. Currently Mr. Knollmeyer is also the Regional Service Center Manager for TestAmerica’s New York State facilities.
Mr. Knollmeyer earned his BS degree in Political Science from the University of Massachusetts.
Professional Affiliations
American Chemical Society
Professional Training
Ruggedized Advanced Pathogen Identification Device (R.A.P.I.D)DNA sequencing detection for various pathogens. Idaho Technologies.2000/2001NITON LLC-Certified in radiation safety and monitoring, measurement technology, and machine maintenance of the NITON XRF Spectrum Analyzer 2003









Karla Buechler
Corporate Technical Director, TestAmerica Laboratories, Inc.
Karla Buechler, Corporate Technical Director for TestAmerica, is based in Sacramento, California. She has more than 30 years of experience in the environmental testing industry.  She has held positions in Laboratory Management, Project Management and has many years of hands-on experience with chromatography including Liquid Chromatography Mass Spectrometry and High Resolution Mass Spectrometry. Ms. Buechler has extensive experience with a wide variety of complex regulatory programs such as Department of Defense, ambient and source air testing, sediments and tissues.  In her current role she is a principal technical resource, oversees the technical quality of analytical services provided, and provides technical assistance to laboratory technical resources and clients.
 
Ms. Buechler earned her BS in Biochemistry from the University of California at Davis.









Raymond Frederici
Vice President of Quality and EHS, TestAmerica
Raymond Frederici is Vice President of Quality & EHS for TestAmerica Laboratories, Inc. Mr. Frederici is 34 years tenured with TestAmerica and its legacy companies and is responsible for establishing, implementing, monitoring and enforcing company-wide ethics, quality assurance, and health & safety programs. Mr. Frederici drives risk management systems and operational cultures to minimize system failures and promote continuous improvement for the entire company. Mr. Frederici holds a B.S. in Environmental Biology from Eastern Illinois University and a Masters in Business Administration from Olivet Nazarene University in Kankakee, IL. As a proven leader and organizational change agent, he posesses excellent abillities for policy development and enforcement, strategic planning and process improvement. He is a strong and decisive decision-maker who takes personal responsibility for ethics, quality, environmental health & safety and fostering a company culture of honesty and data integrity. He provides ethics training companywide and implements fraud prevention and detection programs.
Mr. Frederici is active in numerous Professional Affiliations including the Amerian Council of Independent Laboratories Environmental Data Integrity Initiative, the Institute for National Environmental Laboratory Accreditation, the National Environmental Laboratory Accreditation Conference and the Department of Defense Environmental Data Quality Workgroup. He has more than 20 professional publications and has been involved in the development of environmental laboratory accreditation regulations/standards through involvement in NELAC, the U.S. EPA and State agencies. His EHS responsibilities include companywide compliance with OSHA safety and EPA's hazardous material handling and waste disposal regulations. As TestAmerica's Ethics Compliance Officer, he fosters a company cultureof honesty and data integrity by providing ethics training across all business functions and implements fraud prevention and detection programs.









Larry Penfold
Quality Compliance Director, TestAmerica
Mr. Penfold is the Quality Compliance Director for TestAmerica.  He has more than 40 years of experience in environmental analysis and radiochemistry.  He is responsible for QA oversight at TestAmerica laboratories, monitoring and communicating DoD requirements, and developing corporate tools for ensuring and improving compliance. 
Professional Affiliations
The NELAC Institute (TNI) Radiochemistry Expert Committee member
Publications

“Causal Effect Management”, DOE Analytical Service Program Workshop, Ashville, NC, September 2013.
“The New World of Optical ICP Analysis”, DOE Analytical Service Program Workshop, Pleasanton, CA, September 2011.
“Incremental Sampling & 8330B for Explosive Residues at Two Military Ranges – Analytical Considerations”, E2S2-NDIA Symposium, Denver, CO, June 2010.
“LC/MS and the New Energetics Method  8330B”, EPA/DoD National Environmental Monitoring Conference (NEMC), Washington, D.C., August, 2008.
“Innovative Analyses and Emerging Contaminants,” AFCEE Technology Transfer Workshop, San Antonio, TX, March 2008.
“A Comparison Study for Energetic Residues in Soil by HPLC/MS and HPLC/UV,” co-presentation with Alan Hewitt (USACE ERDC-CRREL),Strategic Environmental Research and Development Program (SERDP) Symposium, Washington, D.C., December 2007.
“DoD QSM Laboratory Implementation”, Louisville Chemistry Conference, Louisville, KY, June 2007.
“Novel LC/MS/MS and IC/MS/MS Methods for Definitive Identification of Perchlorate in Environmental Samples”, presented at the Pittcon 2004 Meeting, Chicago, IL, February, 2004
“Low-Level Perchlorate Analysis in Water by Improved IC and LC/MS/MS”, presented at the 18th Annual Waste Testing and Quality Assurance Symposium, Arlington, VA, August, 2003.
“The New Role for LC/MS in Explosives Investigations”, presented at the 17th Annual Waste Testing and Quality Assurance Symposium, Arlington, VA, August, 2001.










Terry Romanko
Technical Director, TestAmerica
Terry Romanko has 25 years of experience in quality, research, development, and production within the radiochemical field. His background includes work in the environmental, radiochemical, pharmaceutical, and medical device industries, including a focus in Operations/Production, Product Development, Quality Control, and Radiation Safety.
Mr. Romanko earned his Bachelor's degree in Chemistry from Rice University in Houston, Texas.
 









Patricia McIsaac
Industry Marketing Manager, TestAmerica
Patricia McIsaac has 33 years of experience in environmental testing services. Her experience includes project management, quality assurance, account management, as well as product management. For the past 14 years, she has provided business and technical leadership for TestAmerica's Dredged Material, Sediment and Tissue Laboratories. As TestAmerica's Product Manager, she coordinates with TestAmerica's chemists, technical staff and project managers to consistently support and execute TestAmerica's Program Standards. These standards identify systematic laboratory procedures to address the variety of complexities and challenges associated with dredged material, sediment and tissue projects, which have a direct impact on project specific data quality objectives.
TestAmerica's Program Standards provide the technical framework for our laboratories to deliver the highest levels of scientific and service performance in environmental testing industry. TestAmerica's goal is to generate analytical data to meet the project's specific data quality objectives facilitating appropriate management decisions. Ms. McIsaac will assist the client's project team in the development of a comprehensive testing strategy to support all requirements of the dredged material, sediment and tissue programs. TestAmerica's Dredged Material, Sediment and Tissue Laboratories are committed to provide outstanding client service, the lowest detection limits, the highest integrity, the fastest turnaround times, and with the best accuracy and precision.
Ms. McIsaac earned her MS degree at the New Jersey Institute of Technology in Newark, NJ and her BS degree at Cook College, Rutgers University in New Brunswick, NJ.
Professional Affiliations
Society of Environmental Toxicologist and Chemists (SETAC)
Publications/Presentations
A REVIEW OF THE APPLICABILITY OF VARIOUS ELUTRIATE TESTS AND REFINEMENTS OF THESE METHODOLOGIES
Sediments & Tissues Analysis Webinar; Patricia McIsaac









Rob Patterson
President, TestAmerica Air Emissions Corp. a TestAmerica company
Rob Patterson has over 24 years of experience in source air emissions and ambient air testing, especially with the EPA and Texas Air Control Board methods of analysis. He is experienced in sampling Method 0010, Modified Method 5 Sampling Train; Method 0030, Volatile Organic Sampling Train; and various EPA and "Site Specific" acid gas and multiple metals sampling trains, including Ontario Hydro and EPA Methods 324 and 30B for Mercury.
Mr. Patterson earned his BS degree in Geology and Earth Science-Meteorology from Central Michigan University.
Professional Affiliations
Source Evaluation SocietyAmerican Management AssociationBoard Member of STAC (Stack Testing Accreditation Council)
Certifications
Certified Visible Emissions EvaluatorCertified Cabot Full-Face Respirator Fit Tester









Dr. William Anderson
Senior Chemical and Analytical Project Consultant, TestAmerica
Dr. William Anderson has 20 years of experience in the environmental testing industry.
Dr. Anderson's particular expertise is in analytical methodology and supporting quality assurance programs related to trial burn programs. He has extensive project experience regarding the analytical program design of incinerator and ambient air permitting activities. As an analytical chemist, he directly participates in the design and implementation of new analytical methods developments, project specific testing, and supporting quality assurance protocols. Much of the work produced by Dr. Anderson and his staff is used to generate legally defensible performance demonstration test reports that are to be judged by various regulatory agencies, including the EPA and state authorities.
Dr. Anderson earned his Ph.D. degree in Analytical Chemistry at the University of Tennessee.
Publications
Dr. Anderson has published an extensive array of scientific journals and has presented at technical symposia, which include:

J.C. Lodmell, W.C. Anderson, M.F. Hurley, and J.Q. Chambers, "High Performance Liquid Chromatography of Electrolysis Solutions: A Study of the Reduction of Carbon Disulfide in N, N- Dimethylformamide", Analytica Chemica Acta, 1981, 129, 49.
Hu-lin Li, W.C. Anderson, J.Q. Chambers, and D.T. Hobbs, " Electrocatalytic Reduction of Nitrate in Sodium Hydroxide Solution in the Presence of Low-Valance Cobalt Cyclam Species," Inorganic Chemistry, 1989, 28, 863.
R.G. Wilbourn, W.C. Anderson and M.L. Foster, "Planning and Implementing Effective Thermal Site Remediation Operations", IT Corporation Technology Exchange Symposium, June 1992.
M.L. Keever, R.L. McBride, and W.C. Anderson, "Demonstrated Stability of Hexavalent Chromium (Cr+6) in Spiked Stack Gas Samples Analyzed by EPA Method 218.6", IT Corporation Technology Exchange Symposium, June 1993.










Jackie Trudell
Product Lifecycle Manager, TestAmerica
Jackie Trudell, Product Lifecycle Manager for TestAmerica based in Shelton, CT has nearly 10 years’ experience in the environmental testing industry.  Prior to assuming her current role, Ms. Trudell held positions in Customer Service, Operations and Sales at TestAmerica.  Ms. Trudell spent several years as a Project Manager where she developed a keen understanding of customer needs, regulatory requirements and customer driven solutions.  In her current role as Product Lifecycle Manager, Ms. Trudell is responsible for managing a portfolio of TestAmerica’s product offerings, identifying new product or service opportunities and developing external marketing communications.
Ms. Trudell is currently pursuing a Master of Science in Applied Analytics at Columbia University.  She earned a Master of Business Administration with a concentration in Marketing from Northeastern University, and a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the College of Charleston.
 









Technical Services Organization
Please Submit Your Question
TestAmerica's Technical Services Organization (TSO) implements standardized laboratory best practices, technical support and development aimed at growing TestAmerica's technologies and products to deliver greater value for our clients.  The TSO increases efficiency, enhances laboratory operations and creates greater synergies across TestAmerica.
Eric Redman, Director of Technical Services, leads the TSO.  In addition to Eric Redman, the company has four distinguished Corporate Technical Directors; Dr. Richard Burrows, Dr. Mark Bruce, Mr. Bryce Stearns and Ms. Karla Buechler.  Each has more than 25 years of experience in the environmental laboratory industry and serve as Experts on a variety of topics.  They consult with clients on complex analytical testing issues and enable TestAmerica to implement new technologies, services and products faster and more consistently.
The TSO is also assisted by two Technical Support Specialists, Kevin Ho and John Shanholtzer, who serve as TestAmerica's in-house instrumentation specialists, assisting laboratories with instrument configurations, maintenance issues and new method set-up.  





* Indicates required field







First Name:
*





Last Name:
*





Company:
*



Address:





City:
*





State/Province:
*





Zipcode:
*





Phone:
*



Email:
*



Description:
I am interested in learning more about TestAmerica Announces Merger With China Based JSTI Group...












Contact Information
* Indicates required field







First Name:
*





Last Name:
*





Company:
*



Address:





City:
*





State/Province:
*





Zipcode:
*





Phone:
*



Email:
*


Project Data

Project Name
*





Quote Due Date
*





Project Start Date





Type of Program



Type of Sample(s) matrix


Sampling Program

Briefly describe your sampling program:


















TestAmerica Announces Merger With China Based JSTI Group






PRESS RELEASE
Monday, Jun 6, 2016
For Immediate Release

TestAmerica, the world’s largest environmental testing firm, will merge with Nanjing, China based JSTI Group, a global transportation systems design and environmental monitoring firm. Executives of both firms describe the merger as a synergistic combination of diversified testing and environmental solutions leaders resulting in the first ever unified east-west response to the world’s vast and growing environmental stewardship testing challenges. A definitive merger agreement was executed on June 1, 2016 with final closing subject to specific conditions including regulatory approvals and anticipated to occur within 90 days.
JSTI CEO Mr. Junhua Wang said, “JSTI is excited to work with the team at TestAmerica, certainly to grow their industry leading testing business in the USA and also to transport their services to International markets with growing demand. A huge environmental services market is forming in Asia. JSTI and TestAmerica will be leaders in helping to provide environmental measurement solutions in this and other international markets. We look forward to bringing TestAmerica’s industry leading environmental testing services specifically to China to help address the environmental and health challenges our country faces in the coming decades.”
TestAmerica CEO Rachel Brydon Jannetta said, “We are very much looking forward to working with JSTI, foremost to continue providing differentiated environmental testing services to our US based clients, but also to finally expand our service capabilities around the world. TestAmerica has evaluated Global expansion for years, and we’ve now found the right partner within our broad business sector, who understands our challenges and opportunities, and have a very similar strategic growth plan.” JSTI Chairman Mr. Guanhua (Mark) Fu also reflected on the merger, “JSTI needs TestAmerica. JSTI needs the TestAmerica systems and technology to serve our people. We will combine the TestAmerica technology with JSTI technology and apply to the world’s great needs for environmental inspection solutions.”
TestAmerica Senior Vice President James H. Miller added, “We look forward to introducing our global engineering consulting partners to JSTI. We believe that combination can be very exciting in the Asian environmental market.”
JSTI Group is traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and has a current market capitalization of over $1.5 billion. JSTI provides a broad range of transportation testing and support services, including sophisticated monitoring and testing services for highways, bridges, airports and urban mass transit. JSTI is ranked #108 on the ENR List of Top 150 Global Design Firms, with 2015 revenues in excess of U.S. $ 400 million. The company employs over 3,500 people.
The terms of the deal were not disclosed. For more information, contact Jim Miller SVP at TestAmerica (716.310.6669).
About TestAmerica
TestAmerica is the leading environmental testing firm in the United States, with over 80 locations providing innovative technical expertise and comprehensive analytical testing services. Specialty analyses include source, ambient and indoor air, water quality, compliance, shale gas, specialty organics, emergency response, industrial hygiene, dioxins, drinking water, sediments and tissues, PFASs and emerging contaminants, explosives, Federal/DoD, and radiochemistry and mixed waste testing.
TestAmerica affiliate companies include EMLab P&K, the leader in analytical microscopy and indoor air quality; and TestAmerica Air Emissions Corp. (METCO Environmental), specializing in air emissions testing. TestAmerica currently employs more than 2,000 professionals dedicated to exceptional service and solutions for our clients’ environmental testing needs.
For more information, contact:
Jim MillerSenior Vice President
TestAmericaTHE LEADER IN ENVIRONMENTAL TESTING Tel 716.310.6669www.testamericainc.com






Industry News Archive

8/2/2017   
TestAmerica Experts to Present at the 2017 National Environmental Monitoring Conference


7/11/2017   
EMLab P&K Announces the Release of Upgraded LabServe® Mobile App for the iPad with Digital Chain of Custody


6/23/2017   
Eric Redman, TestAmerica Director of Technical Services, Presents at International Summit of New Environmental Protection Technology in Nanjing, China


6/15/2017   
EMLab P&K Irvine Lab Expands Services, Providing Accredited Lead Testing


6/5/2017   
TestAmerica Acquires CH2M Applied Sciences Laboratory


6/2/2017   
TestAmerica Announces Availability of Production Method for PFAS Total Oxidizable Precursor (TOP) Assay


5/9/2017   
TestAmerica Announces Webinar on Analytical Methods for the Determination of 1,4-Dioxane


5/2/2017   
TestAmerica Announces Webinar on PFAS Total Oxidizable Precursor (TOP) Assay 


4/28/2017   
EMLab P&K Chicago Helps Mold Testing Specialists in Illinois Through Patent-Pending Lab Report


4/13/2017   
Kesavalu Bagawandoss, Ph.D., J.D. will be the Guest Speaker at the April SPE ESG Meeting in Midland, Texas


3/9/2017   
TestAmerica Expert Kesavalu Bagawandoss, Ph.D., J.D. Featured in the Marcellus Shale Coalition Training Program


3/8/2017   
EMLab P&K Receives Accreditation from New York State for Legionella Water Testing


1/18/2017   
TestAmerica Announces Two Part Webinar Series on Vapor Intrusion


1/17/2017   
TestAmerica Expert Dr. Mark Bruce Participates as Trainer on Incremental Sampling Methodology


1/13/2017   
TestAmerica to Present Webinar on Incident Response Programs


11/23/2016   
TestAmerica Presents on PFOS and PFOA at the Environmental Professionals of Iowa Fall Symposium


11/22/2016   
TestAmerica Presents on Vapor Intrusion at the 2016 PA Brownfields Conference


11/22/2016   
TestAmerica Opens New Service Center in Milwaukee, WI


9/30/2016   
China Based JSTI Group Finalizes Transaction to Acquire TestAmerica


9/6/2016   
TestAmerica to Present Webinar on Incremental Sampling Methodology


8/30/2016   
Roan McRae Joins the TestAmerica Sales Team


7/27/2016   
TestAmerica Announces Dr. Kesavalu (Doss) Bagawandoss as the Nashville, Tennessee Laboratory Director


7/13/2016   
TestAmerica Experts to Present at the 2016 National Environmental Monitoring Conference (NEMC)


6/6/2016   
TestAmerica Announces Merger With China Based JSTI Group


5/17/2016   
Dr. Richard Burrows of TestAmerica to Receive the NEMC 2016 Dr. Charlie W. Carter Award


5/16/2016   
TestAmerica Announces Webinar on Laboratory Data Delivery 


5/12/2016   
TestAmerica Featured at the 2016 TCEQ Environmental Trade Fair in Austin, TX


5/12/2016   
TestAmerica Presents at the 2016 TDEC Environmental Show of the South in Gatlinburg, TN


4/21/2016   
TestAmerica Announces Webinar on Polyfluorinated Alkyl Substances


4/19/2016   
TestAmerica Announces Webinar on Environmental Laboratory Testing Procedures


3/23/2016   
TestAmerica to Present at the 2016 Ohio Brownfield Conference


3/22/2016   
TestAmerica Featured at the 2016 Pittcon Conference and Expo in Atlanta, GA


3/22/2016   
TestAmerica Webinar - Relationship of the Field Sampler and the Laboratory


3/2/2016   
TestAmerica’s Lisa Monroe Awarded SAME 2015 Regional Vice President Medal Award


3/1/2016   
TestAmerica LEAF Methodology Webinar on March 15


2/4/2016   
TestAmerica to Host Webinar on Laboratory Data Quality and Ethics


1/26/2016   
TestAmerica to Host Part Two of its Vapor Intrusion Webinar Series


1/12/2016   
TestAmerica and Partner QED to Present on Sampling and Analysis of Groundwater at Coal Fired Power Plants


1/7/2016   
TestAmerica Laboratories, Inc. Announces In-House Capability for Arsenic Speciation


1/5/2016   
TestAmerica Names Ray Frederici as Vice President of Quality & Environmental Health & Safety (EHS)


12/29/2015   
TestAmerica Announces Vapor Intrusion Webinar


12/2/2015   
TestAmerica Announces Polyfluorinated Alkyl Substances Webinar


11/4/2015   
TestAmerica Announces Benzene Fenceline Monitoring Webinar


10/15/2015   
TestAmerica Partners with Microbial Insights to Offer Bioremedial Testing Support


10/14/2015   
TestAmerica Announces Webinar on Total Petroleum Hydrocarbons


10/1/2015   
TestAmerica to Present Webinar on Metals Analysis for Flue Gas Desulfurization Waste Waters and Coal Combustion Residuals 


9/24/2015   
TestAmerica to Present on Vapor Intrusion at the Florida Brownfields Conference in Tampa, Florida


9/15/2015   
TestAmerica to Instruct on Leaching Environmental Assessment Framework (LEAF) Methods at Philadelphia Conference


9/9/2015   
TestAmerica Announces LEAF Methodology Webinar


8/27/2015   
TestAmerica to Present Radiochemistry Webinar


8/20/2015   
TestAmerica Laboratories, Inc. Recognizes 50 Years of Service from Matt Lardy


8/17/2015   
TestAmerica Laboratories, Inc. Announces In-House Capability for Passive Air Sampling at Refineries


7/24/2015   
TestAmerica Laboratories, Inc. Announces In-House Capability for Selenium Speciation


7/15/2015   
TestAmerica to Present at the National Environmental Monitoring Conference


4/30/2015   
TestAmerica Received Quality Award from Ford Motor Company


4/29/2015   
TestAmerica to Present on Radium Analysis at the Department of Defense Quality Workshop


4/15/2015   
TestAmerica Opens New Service Center in Cambridge, Ohio


4/9/2015   
TestAmerica to Instruct at Vapor Intrusion Workshop


3/19/2015   
TestAmerica Names Ryan Fitzwater as Nashville Laboratory Director


3/13/2015   
TestAmerica to Present on Radium Analysis at the WM2015 Conference


2/18/2015   
TestAmerica Mourns Sudden Passing of Dr. Charlie Carter


2/17/2015   
TestAmerica to Present at the 18th Annual Energy, Utility and Environmental Conference (EUEC)


2/5/2015   
TestAmerica Names Raymond "Chip" Meador as Texas Regional Laboratory Director


1/12/2015   
TestAmerica Presents at the International Conference on Remediation and Management of Contaminated Sediments


10/28/2014   
TestAmerica Presents on Incremental Sampling Methodology at the MSECA Fall Seminar


10/15/2014   
TestAmerica Names Ron Ackerman As Sales Director


9/29/2014   
TestAmerica Names Kamrul Alam as Technical Director


8/12/2014   
TestAmerica Names Amy Whittier as Senior Director of Marketing


4/28/2014   
TestAmerica Names Scott Morris as Executive Vice President Operations


4/25/2014   
Rachel Brydon Jannetta Resumes Role as CEO of TestAmerica


1/15/2014   
TestAmerica Supporting West Virginia Clean-Up Efforts; Ready to Support Other Regions Impacted by MCHM Chemical Spill


10/10/2013   
TESTAMERICA COMPLETES CALIFORNIA FACILITY EXPANSION IN SACRAMENTO: STRENGTHENS CAPACITY, OPERATIONS AND CUSTOMER SERVICE


10/1/2013   
TESTAMERICA NAMES JIM FORD AS EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT COMMERCIAL


9/12/2013   
TESTAMERICA OIL AND GAS EXPERT TO SPEAK AT SHALE INSIGHT™ 2013 CONFERENCE


8/23/2013   
TESTAMERICA RECEIVES ENERGY CIRCLE AWARD FROM COLORADO OIL & GAS ASSOCIATION (COGA)


8/15/2013   
TESTAMERICA ASK THE EXPERT WEBINAR SERIES PROGRAM ACHIEVES MILESTONE OF OVER 3,500 ATTENDEES


8/2/2013   
TESTAMERICA APPOINTS NEW LABORATORY DIRECTOR FOR CANTON, OHIO


7/25/2013   
TESTAMERICA TO PRESENT AND LEAD DISCUSSIONS AT THE 2013 NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL MONITORING CONFERENCE (NEMC)


7/12/2013   
METCO ENVIRONMENTAL INTRODUCES RAPID ON-SITE ANALYSIS TO THEIR PORTFOLIO


6/27/2013   
TESTAMERICA IMPLEMENTS FULLY OPERATIONAL DISASTER RECOVERY SITE


6/6/2013   
TESTAMERICA ANNOUNCES SALES DIRECTOR APPOINTMENTS


5/31/2013   
METCO ENVIRONMENTAL RECEIVES FULL ACCREDITATION BY THE STACK TESTING ACCREDITATION COUNCIL (STAC) AND MARKS THEIR 35TH YEAR ANNIVERSARY


5/23/2013   
TESTAMERICA OPENS NEWLY EXPANDED FACILITY IN NEW JERSEY


5/16/2013   
TESTAMERICA APPOINTS NEW REGIONAL DIRECTOR FOR EASTERN OPERATIONS OF EMLAB P&K


5/9/2013   
TESTAMERICA STRENGTHENS INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS IN SOUTHEAST ASIA MARKET; APPOINTS LEADERS AND INVESTS IN CAPITAL


4/25/2013   
TESTAMERICA ANNOUNCES THE APPOINTMENT OF NEW LABORATORY DIRECTOR AT SACRAMENTO, CA


4/18/2013   
TESTAMERICA LAUNCHES ASK THE EXPERT 2013 WEBINAR SERIES PROGRAM


4/12/2013   
TESTAMERICA LABORATORIES, INC. RECEIVES LABORATORY QUALITY AWARDS FROM FORD MOTOR COMPANY


4/4/2013   
TESTAMERICA READY TO SUPPORT EPA INITIATIVE TO ASSESS THE RISK ON WIDELY USED FLAME RETARDANTS


3/14/2013   
TESTAMERICA ANNOUNCES LABORATORY DIRECTOR APPOINTMENT AT IRVINE, CA


3/7/2013   
TESTAMERICA LABORATORIES, INC. RECEIVES OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCE AWARDS FROM CSX TRANSPORTATION, INC.


2/22/2013   
TESTAMERICA ANNOUNCES CORPORATE TECHNICAL SERVICES ORGANIZATION


2/15/2013   
TESTAMERICA ACHIEVES COMPANY MILESTONE, SURPASSES OVER 250,000 DOCUMENTS DOWNLOADED BY CLIENTS THROUGH TOTALACCESS


1/25/2013   
TESTAMERICA NAMES JENNY STEWART AS CORPORATE COUNSEL


1/18/2013   
TESTAMERICA HAS THE LARGEST NETWORK CAPACITY TO MEET THE DEMANDS FOR REDUCED SAMPLE VOLUME


1/11/2013   
TESTAMERICA CREATES THE LARGEST CLIENT SERVICE ORGANIZATION IN ENVIRONMENTAL TESTING TO DRIVE OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE AND CUSTOMER FOCUS; APPOINTS LEADERS


1/4/2013   
TESTAMERICA FEATURED IN RECENT 2012 ISSUE OF ASH AT WORK MAGAZINE FOR LEAF METHOD TESTING CAPABILITIES











JSTI GROUP -A (300284:Shenzhen Stock Exchange): Stock Quote & Company Profile - Bloomberg








































  





















































































 INDUSTRIALS SECTOR » CONSTRUCTION & ENGINEERING INDUSTRY » 300284  


jsti group -a (300284:Shenzhen Stock Exchange)


300284 On Other Exchanges
SymbolExchange 300284 is not on other exchanges.






Snapshot NewsChartsFinancialsEarningsPeopleTransactions



jsti group -a (300284) Snapshot



Open
--



Previous Close
--




Day High
--



Day Low
--




52 Week High
-- - --



52 Week Low
-- - --




Market Cap
--



Average Volume 10 Days
--




EPS TTM
--



Shares Outstanding
--




EX-Date
--



P/E TM
--




Dividend
--



Dividend Yield
--















 Advanced Stock Chart



Request Profile Update

		\
	



Related NewsNo related news articles were found.jsti group -a (300284) Related Businessweek NewsNo Related Businessweek News Found


jsti group -a (300284) Details


			JSTI Group operates provides engineering consultancy services in China and internationally. The company’s services include planning consultation, exploration and design, scientific research, testing, quality management consulting and new materials, and new technologies and product development services. It offers its services for highways, municipal utilities, urban rail transport systems, water transportation, railways, environment, aviation, architecture, and other fields. The company was formerly known as Jiangsu Transportation Research Institute Co., Ltd. and changed its name to JSTI Group in March 2015. JSTI Group was founded in 1978 and is headquartered in Nanjing, China.
  			

Detailed  Company Description...


www.jsti.com
7,209 Employees Last Reported Date: 04/18/17
Founded in 1978








jsti group -a (300284) Top Compensated Officers



No compensation data is available at this time for the top officers at this company.

Executives,
	    Board Directors









	jsti group -a
	
JSTI Group to Report First Half, 2017 Results on Aug 01, 2017
Jul 6 17
JSTI Group announced that they will report first half, 2017 results on Aug 01, 2017


JSTI Group Approves Amendments to Articles of Association; Approves Cash Dividend for 2016; Approves Nomination of Li Dapeng as Director Candidate
May 10 17
JSTI Group announced that at the annual general meeting of 2016 held on May 9, 2017 approved amendments to the company's articles of association.

The company also approved cash dividend (tax included) of CNY 1.400 per 10 shares for the year 2016.

The company also approved nomination of Li Dapeng as director candidate.


JSTI Group Proposes Amendments to Articles of Association
Apr 18 17
JSTI Group will propose amendments to the company's articles of association at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 09 May 2017.








 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.















Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup





300284 Competitors
Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.





Company
Last
Change



No competitor information is available for 300284.
View Industry Companies














 


Industry Analysis




300284




Industry Average








Valuation
300284
Industry Range




Price/Earnings
29.7x





Price/Sales
2.2x





Price/Book
3.9x





Price/Cash Flow
30.6x





TEV/Sales
1.6x







View Detailed 300284 Financials
 | 
View Sector Analysis



Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact JSTI GROUP -A, please visit www.jsti.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Jun Hua Wang - President at JSTI Group
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Jun Hua Wang
President at JSTI Group



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Jun Hua Wang
President at JSTI Group



 Overview



Age



56
                                  (Born 1961)
                                              




Notable Companies


Yanning International Engineering Consulting Co., Ltd.

JSTI Group




Board Seats



6





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 42 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Guan Hua Fu

Chairman at JSTI Group




Shao Wei Zhu

Director & Deputy General Manager at JSTI Group





Ling Song Pan

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & IR Contact at JSTI Group




J. P. Huang

Founder at Jpigroup, Inc.





Shuming Zhao

President at International Association For Chinese Management Research




Zeng Jin Zhu

Partner at C&T Partners





Wen Zhi Li

Independent Director at JSTI Group




Hai Jun Zhang

President at Yanning International Engineering Consulting Co., Ltd.





Jian San Shi

Former Partner at Allbright Law Offices




Xiong Yang

Senior Partner at BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP







See 32 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 32 More 


 


 Paths to Jun Hua Wang



            Jun Hua Wang          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Jun Hua Wang






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Jun Hua Wang.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Undergraduate Degree 


Jiangsu Polytechnic University






Graduate Degree 


Nanjing University of Science & Technology







 Career History



President

                                    Current                


JSTI Group


                  JSTI Group engages in the traffic engineering consulting and project contracting business. It provides various services for roads, bridges, railways and tracks, rock and tunneling, as well as marine traffic and municipal engineering, including investigation, design, consulting, testing, detection, supervision, contract research and development, as well as other related technology services. The company was founded in 1978 and is headquartered in Nanjing, China.                




Executive Director

                                    Current                


Yanning International Engineering Consulting Co., Ltd.







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chairman

                    Current                  


Lianyungang Traffic Planning & Design Institute Co., Ltd.






Chairman

                    Current                  


Lianyungang City Traffic Engineering Cnslting Mgmt Co., Ltd.






General Manager & Director

                    Current                  


JSTI Group

                    JSTI Group engages in the traffic engineering consulting and project contracting business. It provides various services for roads, bridges, railways and tracks, rock and tunneling, as well as marine traffic and municipal engineering, including investigation, design, consulting, testing, detection, supervision, contract research and development, as well as other related technology services. The company was founded in 1978 and is headquartered in Nanjing, China.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Yanning International Engineering Consulting Co., Ltd.






Director

                    Current                  


Jiangsu Fang Shan Investment Management Co., Ltd.






Director

                    Current                  


Jiangsu Urban Mass Transportation Rsch Institute Co., Ltd.







 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Jun Hua Wang is affiliated with
                            JSTI Group, Yanning International Engineering Consulting Co., Ltd., Lianyungang Traffic Planning & Design Institute Co., Ltd., Lianyungang City Traffic Engineering Cnslting Mgmt Co., Ltd., JSTI Group, Yanning International Engineering Consulting Co., Ltd., Jiangsu Fang Shan Investment Management Co., Ltd., Jiangsu Urban Mass Transportation Rsch Institute Co., Ltd..
            




You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤

















JSTI profile at Startupxplore





































































  














            Register
          
          - Or -
          
            Login
          











            Home
            

                Startups
            


                      Investors
            


                Accelerators
            


                       Invest in startups
            

Services 


                    Coworking
                

                    Education
                

                    Discounts & promos
                

                    Service providers
                

                    Communities
                


Blog 


                      Blog in English
                  

                      Blog in Spanish
                  


















×
Do you want to invest in Runator with a notable investor like Ignacio Mayol?
See opportunity

































                      JSTI 
                    




 http://www.jsti.com
                    



                  Providing our customers with one-stop, professional and comprehensive solutions
                


                    Investor
                  

















 ABOUT
      JSTI
    

      
JSTI GROUP , was founded in 1978. In 2002 it was transformed, from a state-owned public service institution, into a private science company with all employees being the shareholders--the first such case among all provincial scientific research institutions transforming into private business in China’s  transportation sector. It became a limited liability company in 2008. JSTI was listed on the A share market of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 10 January 2012.

    JSTI has always been committed in providing our customers with one-stop, professional and comprehensive solutions. Our business areas cover roads, municipal projects, water systems, city rails, railways, aviation and construction, environment etc. We have developed into a group consisting of many enterprises withthe following as core business: planning consultation, exploration and design, scientific research, test, quality management consulting and new materials, new technologies and new product development. Now we have been on the markets of 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China, and also showing our presence on the overseas markets. We have 25 branches in other provinces, 35 wholly-owned subsidiaries and 5participated subsidiaries. 

        In the future, we will expand and develop new business such as green energy, smart city and big data industry while keeping tapping our existing business of exploration and design, and comprehensive test. On the firm base of innovation, capital operation and overseas management, we will maintain our competitive advantage for sustainable development.
    















 INVESTMENT STRATEGY
      




Market preferences:
                  
infrastructure
high tech















 NEWS FROM
        JSTI
        (1)
        


  JSTI adquiere el 90% de Eptisa del grupo Corcóstegui
            
















PROFILE STRENGTH



This profile looks great, do you want to share it with the world?





BEGINNER
ADVANCED
REAL PRO




Share profile 











NEWS

Recently added news from JSTI:

JSTI adquiere el 90% de Eptisa del grupo Corcóstegui























×

            This website uses cookies to allow us to see how the site is used. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with this. If you want to use the site without cookies or would like to know more, you can do that.
              here
            .
        













            Home
           
            Startups
           
            Investors
           
            Accelerators
           
            Services
           
            Updates
           
            Deals
          
SPANISH








            Blog in English
           · 
            Blog in Spanish
           · 
            About us
           · 
            FAQ
           · 
            Team
           · 
            Contact
           · 
            Terms of service
           · 
            Privacy
           · 
            Cookies
           ·

          


              
              Startupxplore PFP, S.L. is an equity crowdfunding platform authorized by CNMV (is the body responsible for the supervision and inspection of Spanish securities markets and the activity of all those involved in them).
            


            © 2017 / All rights reserved
          

























































Jsti Group - Research and Markets

















































































ABOUT US
BLOG
CONTACT US
FAQ























USD
EUR
GBP



USD 
▼

USD
EUR
GBP






€
EUR
$
USD
£
GBP







+353-1-416-8900REST OF WORLD



1-800-526-8630U.S. (TOLL FREE)








 




Advanced








Price:
€75EUR$92USD£70GBP 
View Pricing






 Home
/






Categories
/






Company Reports











 
SELECT A FORMAT








€75EUR$92USD£70GBP



                                                        Single User
                                                         Electronic (PDF)






                                                                            
                                                                            This is a single user license, allowing one specific user access to the product. The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 

                                                







  ADD TO BASKET




                                                                        order by fax
                                        

                                            need a quote ?
                                        



 

OUR CLIENTS












HAVE A QUESTION?
EMAIL US
VIEW FAQs



RECENTLY VIEWED PRODUCTS











Partner of Research and MarketsVACCINATING 40,000 CHILDREN IN 2017





WHY CHOOSE RESEARCH AND MARKETS?



WORLD'S LARGEST SELECTION




TRUSTED BY THE BEST




CUSTOMER FOCUSED




SAFE & SECURE







I recently ordered a book from Research and Markets via their website. Shortly after ordering the book

                         I received a message from the Research and Markets Orders Department stating that payment had not been received for the book. My first thought was credit card fraud. I called Orders Department and was connected immediately with Maria O’Toole. Maria was extremely helpful in resolving the payment question. Maria suggested that since Research and Markets is located in Dublin, Ireland and I am located in Seattle, Washington, my credit card company might have placed a hold on the payment. I checked with my card company and this was indeed the case. I corrected the hold on the payment and informed Maria. Maria confirmed that the payment transaction had been completed and assured me that the book would be delivered in a timely manner. 

I truly appreciate the ease with which I was able to contact a live person quickly and resolve the issue easily. I highly recommend Research and Markets for their depth and breadth of research materials and their excellent customer service.
                        
                    



                            READ MORE
                        


Mr Brad Kelln, Sr. 
Project Manager
McBride Construction Resources Inc.















Jsti Group



ID: 2745372
Company Profile
July 2017
68 Pages

Wright Investors Service                                











DESCRIPTION


TABLE OF CONTENTS


SAMPLES


FORMATS







1 of 4








                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






                                                                                A textual analysis of the financial results for Jsti Group  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information, senior officers and Wright Quality Rating analyses is also provided.Quantitative analyses of financial statements (Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Sources of Capital), extensive ratio tables (Accounting, Asset Utilization, Employee Efficiency, Fixed Charges Coverage, Leverage Analysis, Liquidity Analysis, Per-share Data and Profitability Analysis) and proprietary Wright Quality Rating® analyses tables. The Wright Quality Rating measures the liquidity of the stock and the financial strength, profitability and corporate growth characteristics of Jsti Group A textual review of the financial results of Jsti Group versus Beijing SPC Environment Protection Tech Company Limited, Wison Engineering Services Co Ltd and China Design Group Co Ltd is includedrepo.   The comparative analysis,of these companies,compares Sales, Company Valuations and Financial Position. Also included for Jsti Group are: Company Description, Recent Stock Performance, Profitability Analysis, Dividend Analysis, and key data items. Additional research for Jsti Group includes tables with up to 10-years of history of computed ratios, sales, earnings, and security prices. The company’s financial results are compared in a series of reports (i.e. financial statements, sales, key ratios, etc.) to global industry averages.
                                                                            

Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




2 of 4







                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






                                                                    Company FundamentalsCompany ProfileComparative Business AnalysisSummary Analysis per ShareSales AnalysisPrice AnalysisEarnings and Dividends AnalysisFinancial Statement AnalysesBalance Sheet - Common SizeBalance Sheet - Year-Year Percent ChangeBalance Sheet - Five-Year AveragesIncome Statement - Common SizeIncome Statement - Year-Year Percent ChangeIncome Statement - Five-Year AveragesSources of CapitalFinancial Ratio AnalysesAccounting RatiosAsset UtilizationEmployee EfficiencyFixed Charges CoverageLeverage AnalysisLiquidity AnalysisPer-Share DataProfitability AnalysisWright Quality Rating AnalysesInvestment AcceptanceFinancial StrengthProfitability and StabilityCorporate Growth

Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




3 of 4





LOADING...







4 of 4






Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown








RELATED PRODUCTS 







Beijing SPC Environment Protection Tech Company Limited


 Company Profile
68 Pages
July 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP







Beijing Urban Construction Design & Development Group Co Ltd


 Company Profile
68 Pages
June 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP







Wison Engineering Services Co Ltd


 Company Profile
68 Pages
July 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP







United Integrated Services Co Ltd


 Company Profile
69 Pages
June 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP







Ashoka Buildcon Ltd.


 Company Profile
69 Pages
June 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP







Sinoma Energy Conservation Ltd


 Company Profile
68 Pages
March 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP







Shenzhen Glory Medical Co Ltd


 Company Profile
68 Pages
July 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP







Shanghai Yanhua Smartech Group Company Limited


 Company Profile
69 Pages
July 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP







Bestway Marine & Energy Technology Co Ltd


 Company Profile
69 Pages
July 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP







Sinoma Science & Technology Co.,Ltd


 Company Profile
69 Pages
June 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP








 close

Jsti Group



 close

ASK A QUESTION

*Required Information
 
Product: Jsti Group


YOUR QUESTION*







YOUR CONTACT DETAILS*

Title
Mr
Mrs
Dr
Miss
Ms
Prof




First Name




Last Name




Email Address




Country
Please Select
------------------------------
United States
United Kingdom
Germany
Canada
Australia
------------------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica-Casey
Antarctica-Scott
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Atlantic East
Atlantic West
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaco 
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte Islands
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Islands
North Korea
Northern Ireland
Northern Marianas
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Christopher Nevis
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis And Futuna
West Bank
West Indies
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Phone Number



+1
+11
+1-242
+1-246
+1-264
+1-268
+1-284
+1-345
+1-441
+1-473
+1-649
+1-664
+1-670
+1-671
+1-684
+1-758
+1-767
+1-784
+1-787
+1-809
+1-868
+1-869
+1-876
+20
+212
+213
+216
+218
+220
+221
+222
+224
+225
+226
+227
+228
+229
+23
+230
+231
+232
+233
+234
+235
+236
+237
+238
+239
+240
+241
+242
+243
+244
+245
+247
+248
+249
+250
+251
+252
+253
+254
+255
+256
+257
+258
+260
+261
+263
+264
+265
+266
+267
+268
+269
+27
+284
+290
+291
+297
+298
+299
+30
+31
+32
+33
+34
+350
+351
+352
+353
+354
+355
+356
+357
+358
+359
+36
+370
+371
+372
+373
+374
+375
+376
+377
+378
+379
+380
+381
+382
+385
+386
+387
+389
+39
+40
+41
+420
+421
+423
+43
+44
+45
+46
+47
+48
+49
+500
+501
+502
+503
+504
+505
+506
+507
+509
+51
+52
+53
+54
+55
+56
+57
+58
+590
+591
+592
+593
+594
+595
+596
+597
+598
+599
+60
+61
+6101
+62
+63
+64
+65
+66
+670
+672
+673
+674
+675
+677
+678
+679
+680
+681
+682
+683
+685
+686
+687
+688
+689
+691
+692
+7
+81
+82
+84
+850
+852
+853
+855
+856
+86
+869
+871
+874
+880
+886
+90
+91
+92
+93
+94
+95
+960
+961
+962
+963
+964
+965
+966
+967
+968
+970
+971
+972
+973
+974
+975
+976
+977
+98
+992
+993
+994
+995
+996
+998












We request your telephone number so we can contact you in the event we have difficulty reaching you via email.
                    We aim to respond to all questions on the same business day.





 



 close

SEND TO A FRIEND

* Required Information
 FRIEND'S DETAILS

Full Name*




Email Address*




Message to friend




YOUR CONTACT DETAILS

Full Name*




Email Address*













 


 close

Request a Quote

 
Please complete the below form and click "send request" to obtain a pdf quotation and order form.
This document will be available for immediate download and will also be emailed to you.
            
* Required Information


YOUR ADDRESS

Address 1*




Address 2




Address 3




City*




Postal/ZIP Code




Country*
Please Select
------------------------------
United States
United Kingdom
Germany
Canada
Australia
------------------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica-Casey
Antarctica-Scott
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Atlantic East
Atlantic West
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaco 
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte Islands
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Islands
North Korea
Northern Ireland
Northern Marianas
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Christopher Nevis
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis And Futuna
West Bank
West Indies
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State





YOUR DETAILS

Title*
Mr
Mrs
Dr
Miss
Ms
Prof




First Name*




Last Name*




Organisation*




Email Address*




Phone Number*



+1
+11
+1-242
+1-246
+1-264
+1-268
+1-284
+1-345
+1-441
+1-473
+1-649
+1-664
+1-670
+1-671
+1-684
+1-758
+1-767
+1-784
+1-787
+1-809
+1-868
+1-869
+1-876
+20
+212
+213
+216
+218
+220
+221
+222
+224
+225
+226
+227
+228
+229
+23
+230
+231
+232
+233
+234
+235
+236
+237
+238
+239
+240
+241
+242
+243
+244
+245
+247
+248
+249
+250
+251
+252
+253
+254
+255
+256
+257
+258
+260
+261
+263
+264
+265
+266
+267
+268
+269
+27
+284
+290
+291
+297
+298
+299
+30
+31
+32
+33
+34
+350
+351
+352
+353
+354
+355
+356
+357
+358
+359
+36
+370
+371
+372
+373
+374
+375
+376
+377
+378
+379
+380
+381
+382
+385
+386
+387
+389
+39
+40
+41
+420
+421
+423
+43
+44
+45
+46
+47
+48
+49
+500
+501
+502
+503
+504
+505
+506
+507
+509
+51
+52
+53
+54
+55
+56
+57
+58
+590
+591
+592
+593
+594
+595
+596
+597
+598
+599
+60
+61
+6101
+62
+63
+64
+65
+66
+670
+672
+673
+674
+675
+677
+678
+679
+680
+681
+682
+683
+685
+686
+687
+688
+689
+691
+692
+7
+81
+82
+84
+850
+852
+853
+855
+856
+86
+869
+871
+874
+880
+886
+90
+91
+92
+93
+94
+95
+960
+961
+962
+963
+964
+965
+966
+967
+968
+970
+971
+972
+973
+974
+975
+976
+977
+98
+992
+993
+994
+995
+996
+998











                                PO Number
                                (if applicable)







PRODUCT FORMAT




License
Format
Properties
Price




 
SINGLE USER Electronic (PDF)                                                



                                            The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 
                                        

                                            This is a single user license, allowing one specific user access to the product.
                                        

€75EUR$92USD£70GBP







* The price quoted above is only valid for 30 days. Please submit your order within that time frame to avail of this price as all prices are subject to change.





 






















