

	Overview of Incorporation Services - Incorporate your business to gain the benefits of the best business tax structure and asset protection method.





































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Homepage
 Incorporate Your Business
Incorporation Overview - Standard Package 



Incorporate your LLC, C-Corp, S-Corp, Nonprofit or LLP Today!
If you  are unsure which one is right for you, our Incorporation Wizard will help you make a choice that's right for your business.








incorporation Standard Package Starting at $149 + 
                                
government fee











 START FOR FREE 












 Tell us about your business:  


Answer a couple of simple questions about your business. Our Incorporation Wizard takes the work out of incorporating. 





Choose an Incorporation Package:  


Choose your package - We guide you through the information that your state of incorporation requires. 




Customize for Your Incorporation: 


Make any changes you want and submit your answers to us. LegalForce does the rest. 






Overview of Incorporation Service - Forming Your Business!
Incorporating may be the most important move you make for your business. It can help protect you and your family from the risks of personal liability and may make it easier to attract employees and investment. 

1. LegalForce's Incorporation Wizard, designed by corporate attorneys, makes it super easy for you to incorporate a business.
2. Your documentation will be well prepared and complete.
3. Fast, friendly service and 24/7 customer support. 
4. Take care of the bureaucratic details so you can focus on your business.

Why Incorporate?

1.  Protect your personal assets. By forming a corporation, you separate your personal assets from the company, and are typically not personally responsible for business debts. So creditors can't pursue your home or car to pay business debts.
 2. Tax and other savings. Corporations often gain tax advantages, such as savings on self-employment taxes, and deductions for health insurance premiums and life insurance.
 3. Attract investors. Incorporating is often a pre-requisite to getting outside investment, from sales of stock, or for borrowing money from professional investors or banks. It can also help you reach potential new customers and partners.
 4. Easier transfer and sale. An incorporated business provides more security for purchasers and therefore can also be easier to sell than an unincorporated business.
 5. Retirement planning. It can be easier to create retirement funds and qualified plans, like a 401(k) for yourself and employees. 









In the Standard Package, incorporating a business is easy and painless.
 You will receive: (1) LegalForce automated Incorporation Wizard helps you decide what corporate form is best for your business; (2) Legally compliant filing of Articles of Incorporation; (3) Customer service available at any time.
 Some states require your original signature before filing. For these states, we will send you the documents to sign and return to us. 








InCorporation Plus Package





InCorporation Gold Package






Incorporate Your Business in 3 Easy Steps
You provide basic information about your business, and we take care of filling out the right state forms, creating your corporate documents, and guiding you through the incorporation process. Our "Incorporation Wizard" will recommend an incorporation package based on what other businesses like yours usually choose. This is all you have to do: 
Step 1. Tell us about your business: 
Answer a couple of simple questions about your business. These are used by our "Incorporation Wizard" to recommend the state and type of incorporation that are most likely to meet your needs. You are free to make changes to these recommendations or to chose a different package.
 Step 2. Choose an Incorporation Package:
 Choose your package and fill out our simple form. We guide you through the information that your state of incorporation requires.
 Step 3. Customize for Your Business:
 Make any changes you want and submit your answers to us. 
LegalForce Does the Rest:
 We will prepare and file the appropriate documents with the state of incorporation. We also create bylaws and minutes to get your company started. When the state responds, we will send your incorporation documents to you and give you easy-to-follow instructions of what to do next. 
















 







Patent Suit Adversary Blasts Muzak Parent's Ch. 15 Bid - Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










Make sure you don't miss any Law360 breaking news.
Download our plug-in for Chrome to get customizable, real-time news alerts 





Patent Suit Adversary Blasts Muzak Parent's Ch. 15 Bid



        By Alex Wolf



					Law360, New York (June 19, 2017, 10:18 PM EDT) -- A creditor of in-store media provider Muzak and parent company Mood Media told a New York bankruptcy court on Friday that the companies' bid for Chapter 15 protection should fail to the extent that it will disrupt pending patent infringement claims potentially worth up to $130 million.In an effort to continue prosecuting a 6-year-old suit over a patent for telephonic on-hold music, Info-Hold Inc. filed a multiprong objection to Mood Media Corp.'s petition for coverage under Chapter 15 of the Bankruptcy Code while it restructures...
				
To view the full article, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login










 Add to Briefcase

 Printable Version
 Rights/Reprints
 Editorial Contacts

Documents


 Objection


Related
Sections



Bankruptcy



Intellectual Property



Media & Entertainment



New York


Law Firms

 Kirkland & Ellis

Companies

 Muzak LLC







			Check out Law360's new podcast, Pro Say, which offers a weekly recap of both the biggest stories and hidden gems from the world of law.
		

Listen To Our Latest



Most Popular


1
The 8 Law Firms With The Best Associates


2
Microsoft To Shift Away From Billable Hours


3
Davis Polk White Collar Pro Joins Russia Investigation


4
4 Skills That Lead Associates To Success


5
Quinn, Williams & Connolly Downplay Reports Of Merger Talk















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Bankruptcy
											

 Intellectual Property
											

 Media & Entertainment
											

 New York
											

 Show all interests


 Aerospace & Defense
													

 Appellate
													

 Asset Management
													

 Automotive
													

 Banking
													

 California
													

 Capital Markets
													

 Class Action
													

 Commercial Contracts
													

 Competition
													

 Consumer Protection
													

 Corporate
													

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
													

 Delaware
													

 Employment
													

 Energy
													

 Environmental
													

 Financial Services Uk
													

 Florida
													

 Food & Beverage
													

 Government Contracts
													

 Health
													

 Hospitality
													

 Illinois
													

 Immigration
													

 Insurance
													

 Insurance Uk
													

 International Arbitration
													

 International Trade
													

 Law360 In Depth
													

 Legal Ethics
													

 Life Sciences
													

 Medical Malpractice
													

 Mergers & Acquisitions
													

 Native American
													

 New Jersey
													

 Pennsylvania
													

 Private Equity
													

 Product Liability
													

 Project Finance
													

 Public Policy
													

 Real Estate
													

 Retail & E Commerce
													

 Securities
													

 Sports
													

 Tax
													

 Technology
													

 Telecommunications
													

 Texas
													

 Transportation
													

 Trials
													

 White Collar
													







Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















×
Sign up for our free Bankruptcy newsletter






You must correct or enter the following before you can sign up:




Please provide a professional email:



 Select more newsletters to receive for free




 Aerospace & Defense
												



 Appellate
												



 Asset Management
												



 Automotive
												



 Banking
												



 Bankruptcy
												



 California
												



 Capital Markets
												



 Class Action
												



 Commercial Contracts
												



 Competition
												



 Consumer Protection
												



 Corporate
												



 Cybersecurity & Privacy
												



 Delaware
												



 Employment
												



 Energy
												



 Environmental
												



 Florida
												



 Food & Beverage
												



 Government Contracts
												



 Health
												



 Hospitality
												



 Illinois
												



 Immigration
												



 Insurance
												



 Intellectual Property
												



 International Arbitration
												





 International Trade
												



 Law360 In-Depth
												



 Legal Ethics
												



 Legal Industry
												



 Life Sciences
												



 Media & Entertainment
												



 Medical Malpractice
												



 Mergers & Acquisitions
												



 Native American
												



 New Jersey
												



 New York
												



 Pennsylvania
												



 Private Equity
												



 Product Liability
												



 Project Finance
												



 Public Policy
												



 Real Estate
												



 Retail & E-Commerce
												



 Securities
												



 Sports
												



 Tax
												



 Technology
												



 Telecommunications
												



 Texas
												



 Transportation
												



 Trials
												



 White Collar
												




No Thanks
Sign up now





Thank You!

















 


















Medical














Suppliers


Investors


News & Events


Contact Us


Partner Login











Medical Devices














Medical Devices






Infusion Therapy






Enteral Nutrition











Making Connections

Our idea is a simple one: Bring an unmatched combination of focus and breadth of expertise to a range of medical device technologies that will simplify processes, increase safety, and enhance patient and caregiver outcomes.
We believe that by working together with our customers and their patients - strengthening connection in every direction - we can improve healthcare delivery. By increasing our understanding of the context in which our products are used, we can enhance our customers' usage experience, safety, and the overall quality of patient care.

Curlin Infusion Products

Unmatched dependability, ease-of-use, and flexibility in applications - these three characteristics define our Curlin line of infusion pumps. Moog offers a complete line of infusion pumps, safety software, administration sets, and accessories.
Learn more about Moog's Curlin line of infusion products.


 
 





Contact Us


Contact Our Experts




News Bulletin


Moog to resume direct distribution of EnteraLite® Infinity® products.US Customer NotificationCanada Customer NotificationProduct Ordering Information




Medical Contact & Support



+1 800.970.2337
If you have any questions or require additional information, please contact the Medical Devices Group customer support..





Urgent Medical Device Notification


Click here to download




Medical Devices Group Overview


Click here to download




MDMA Member



Moog is a member of the Medical Device Manufacturers Association.

Learn More






























Mood Media - Wikipedia





















 






Mood Media

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (August 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Mood Media Corporation





Trading name

Mood Media Corporation



Type

Multinational Public company


Traded as
TSX: MM


Headquarters
Austin, Texas, United States



Key people




Steve Richards - CEO and President
Ken Eissing - President (In Store Media)





Products
Music, On Hold Messaging, Scent, Digital Signage, Audio/Video, Mobile Marketing


Subsidiaries



Trusonic
Muzak Holdings
DMX
BIS Group
Technomedia
GoConvergence





Website
www.moodmedia.com


Mood Media Corporation was created after the acquisition of Mood Media by Fluid Music Canada, Inc. in 2010.[1] It is an international in-store provider of music, digital signage, hold music, on-hold messaging, scent, integrated audio/video, and interactive mobile marketing solutions.[2] The company delivers solutions to a variety of retailers and other business verticals such as restaurant, financial, healthcare, hospitality and QSR. Mood Media Corporation has expanded its product offerings through acquisitions of Somerset Entertainment in Canada, BIS Group in Europe, and Trusonic, AEI Music Network Inc., Muzak, DMX, Technomedia, and GoConvergence in the United States.[3][4][5][6][6][7] The company filed bankruptcy in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in the Southern District of New York on May 18, 2017, lead case number 17-11413.



Contents


1 Company history
2 Acquisitions

2.1 Trusonic
2.2 Somerset Entertainment
2.3 Muzak
2.4 DMX
2.5 BIS Group
2.6 Technomedia and GoConvergence


3 IPO
4 Business model
5 Awards and recognition
6 References



Company history[edit]
Mood Media Corporation was founded in 2004.[6] Originally known as Fluid Music Canada, Inc., the company rebranded itself in June 2010.[2] The company went public in 2008 and is traded on the Canadian, and European stock exchanges.[2][4][8]
Steve Richards is the CEO and President of Mood Media Corporation,[9] having replaced Lorne Abony as CEO.
The company has made a number of acquisitions over the years, expanding its presence across Europe, North America, Asia and Australia.[2] According to internal reports, the company reaches 100 million people in 500,000 commercial locations in over 40 countries.[7]
Acquisitions[edit]
Trusonic[edit]
Main article: Trusonic
Fluid Music Canada, Inc. acquired Trusonic Inc. of La Jolla, California on October 17, 2007. Founded in 1999, Trusonic provided commercial music services to companies, and they broadcast over 80 million songs monthly through their proprietary music network.[5]
Somerset Entertainment[edit]
Fluid Music Canada, Inc. announced the completion of its acquisition of Somerset Entertainment on November 25, 2009.[3] The acquisition valued Somerset Entertainment at $53.1 million.[10] Somerset is a producer and distributor of recorded music sold through non-traditional retailers.[8] The company has a network of over 28,000 interactive kiosks that allow customers to preview CDs in 18,500 locations in more than 20 countries. In 2007, Somerset sold over 16 million records and recorded revenue of $90.6 million and an EBITDA of $20.5 million. Somerset employs over 180 employees and has offices in Toronto, Ontario, Buffalo Grove, Illinois, Minneapolis, Minnesota, and Essex, United Kingdom.[10]
Muzak[edit]
Main article: Muzak
In March 2011, Mood Media acquired the American background music company Muzak Holdings for a reported $345 million.[6][11] As the leading commercial sound provider in North America, Muzak distributes music for in-store marketing inside shopping malls, restaurants, and dental offices.[6][12] In the US alone, Muzak provides background music for more than 300,000 locations, either directly or through a franchise operation.[4][12] The company had filed for bankruptcy in 2009 and had completed a restructuring prior Mood Media’s acquisition.[6][12] Revenue for fiscal year 2010 was $195 million.[6] In October 2012, Muzak acquired the assets of one of its major franchisees (Independence Communications Inc.) in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States.[13]
DMX[edit]
Main article: DMX (music)
In March 2012, Mood Media announced the acquisition of DMX and its subsidiary AEI Music Network Inc..[7][14] The deal was valued at $86.1 million.[14] DMX, a US provider of multi-sensory branding services, uses music, video, and digital signage, scent, and audio/visual systems to create branded connections with customers that encourage loyalty.[7] The company has provided its services to large-scale clients, including Gold’s Gym, McDonald’s, Burberry, and Whole Foods Market.
BIS Group[edit]
In June 2012, Mood Media acquired BIS Group, a company specializing in audio-visual installations for corporate and commercial clients.[15] Operating in Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands, this acquisition extends Mood Media’s reach into Europe.[15][16] The deal consisted of a 22.5 million Euro cash buyout.[16]
Technomedia and GoConvergence[edit]
Mood Media acquired Technomedia, along with its sister company, GoConvergence, in December 2012 for $23 million.[17][18] Based in Orlando, Florida, Technomedia provides audio-visual and interactive media for retail outlets, theme parks, museums, restaurants and corporate settings.[17][18] Principal clients include Abercrombie & Fitch, the Hard Rock Café, and Cirque du Soleil.[19]
IPO[edit]
Mood Media, while it was still known as Fluid Music Canada, Inc., held an initial public offering in June 2008 on the Toronto Stock Exchange.[4][8] The company offered stock at $2 per share, which subsequently raised $27 million.[4]
Business model[edit]
Through its various subsidiaries, Mood Media provides audio, visual, multimedia and scent marketing solutions to a diverse range of clients. These include specialty retailers, department stores, supermarkets, financial institutions, and fitness clubs.[2]
Awards and recognition[edit]
In 2011, Abony was selected as a finalist for the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award.[20] At the November awards ceremony, he was named the winner in the media and entertainment category.[21]
On January 4, 2013, Abony appeared on the CBS reality series, Undercover Boss.[22]
References[edit]


^ http://www.newswire.ca/en/story/655441/fluid-music-announces-proposed-acquisition-of-mood-media-group-for-euro-160-million-and-related-financing
^ a b c d e "Mood Media Corp (MM:Toronto)". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ a b Simon Houpt (August 23, 2012). "Fluid Music looks to acquire Somerset". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ a b c d e "Fluid hits high note in merger". Financial Post. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ a b Mark Hefflinger (November 1, 2007). "Fluid Media Networks Acquires In-Store Music Provider Trusonic". Digital Media Wire. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g Anupreeta Das. "Mood Media to Acquire Muzak for $305 Million". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ a b c d Brad Lemaire (March 19, 2012). "Mood Media to buy DMX Holdings in $86.1 mln deal". Proactive Investors. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ a b c "Lorne K. Abony, CEO & Chairman - Mood Media Corporation". TechFinance. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ "Steve Richards, CEO and President". Mood Media. 
^ a b "Fluid Music successfully acquires 100% of Somerset Entertainment Income Fund". Canada Newswire. November 25, 2009. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ Steve Ladurantaye (September 6, 2012). "Mood Media and the revenge of Muzak". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ a b c Richard Blackwell (August 23, 2012). "Muzak acquisition is sweet music for Mood Media". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ Adrian J. Cotterill. "Mood Media Acquires A Franchisee’s Assets". DailyDOOH. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ a b "USA: Consolidation Continues – Mood Media Acquires DMX". Ooh-TV. March 19, 2012. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ a b "Benelux: Mood Media Acquires Audio-Visual Specialist Bis Group". Ooh-TV. June 1, 2012. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ a b "Mood Media Completes The Acquisition Of BIS Group - Quick Facts". RTTNews. June 1, 2012. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ a b "Mood Media Announces Acquisition of Technomedia Solutions, a Premier Provider of Advanced Entertainment, Education and Consumer Experience Solutions". Canada Newswire. December 27, 2012. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ a b "Mood Media pays US$23 million cash plus performance fees for Technomedia assets". Winnipeg Free Press. December 27, 2012. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ "Mood Media buys Technomedia assets for US$23-million in cash". Financial Post. December 27, 2012. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ "Mood Media CEO Lorne Abony Nominated for Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year in Ontario". SYS-CON Media. July 8, 2011. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ "Mood Media CEO and Chairman Lorne Abony winner at Ernst & Young's Entrepreneur of the Year Awards". SYS-CON Media. November 4, 2011. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 
^ Erik Spanberg (December 28, 2012). "Mood Media CEO goes incognito for CBS". Charlotte Business Journal. Retrieved January 17, 2013. 






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mood_Media&oldid=787944596"					
Categories: Companies listed on the Toronto Stock ExchangeDigital audioIndustrial music servicesHidden categories: Use mdy dates from November 2014Articles with a promotional tone from August 2014All articles with a promotional tonePages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 28 June 2017, at 14:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Johnson & Johnson Products | Johnson & Johnson


































































Our Stories



Latest News




Innovation




Caring & Giving




Personal Stories




Health & Wellness




Our Heritage





Our Company



About J&J

Our Credo
Our Leadership Team
Strategic Framework
Corporate Governance
Diversity & Inclusion
Empowering Women
Innovation at J&J
Office of the Chief Medical Officer
J&J Health and Wellness Solutions
Policies & Statements
Code of Business Conduct
Corporate Reports





Products

Consumer Products
Medical Devices
Pharmaceutical Products





Procurement

Value Pillars
Supplier Diversity





Careers

What We Do
How We Hire
Job Spotlight
Students
Innovation
Career Stories





Media Center




Investors

Corporate Governance
Quarterly Results
SEC Filings 
News Releases
Pharmaceutical Pipeline
2016 Health for Humanity Report
Stock Information
Webcasts & Presentations 
Actelion Public Tender Offer





Our Societal Impact

Global Community Impact
Global Public Health
Citizenship & Sustainability Reporting 







Follow Us



Facebook




Twitter




YouTube




LinkedIn























Products










Read the Story
 


Secrets of a Scent Scientist: 6 Unique Fragrances That Can Boost Your Mood









The Power of 3D Printing: How This Technology Is Blazing New Medical Frontiers










The Treatment That's Helping Transform the Lives of Patients With Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia










Skin-Flex™: The New BAND-AID® Brand Bandages That Stay on for 24 Hours


















Consumer Products
The Johnson & Johnson Family of Consumer Companies offers the world’s largest range of consumer healthcare products. Our baby care, skin care, oral care, wound care, over-the-counter and women’s health products feature brands trusted by consumers and healthcare professionals worldwide. By anticipating needs and creating solutions and experiences, we help people live healthy, vibrant lives.

Baby & Beauty Products
Health & Healing Products









Medical Devices 
Having made significant contributions to surgery for more than a century, the Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies are in the business of reaching more patients and restoring more lives. The group represents the most comprehensive surgical technology and specialty solutions business in the world, offering an unparalleled breadth of products, services, programs and research and development capabilities directed at advancing patient care while delivering clinical and economic value to health care systems worldwide.

Surgery
Orthopaedics, Cardiovascular Disease & Specialty









Pharmaceutical Products
The Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson address some of the most devastating and complex diseases faced in our time. With advanced biologic and other treatments, Janssen is investing in a transformative future, changing the way diseases are prevented, intercepted, treated and cured.

Immunology, Cardiovascular & Metabolic Disease, Pulmonary Hypertension
Infectious Diseases & Vaccines, Neuroscience, Oncology











More About Our Products





















Our Products



A 24-Hour Guide to Improving Your Allergy Symptoms


Read the Story





Product Coupons





Looking for coupons?  Join HEALTHY ESSENTIALS® for savings on products.
Sign Up Today







Our Voices












My 4-year-old daughter, Eliza, used to be afraid of wearing bandages. Then I showed her BAND-AID® Brand Star Wars bandages, and now she can’t get enough!

— Misty Rosas, Consumer Content Strategist 



 












With the platforms offered by the Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies, typically we can find a solution there to help with our challenge or issue.

— Chris Mangin, Corporate Director of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation/ Orthopedic Service Line Willis-Knighton Health System



 












We envision a world where cancer is a preventable or curable disease. To get there, we are focusing on transformational science that will allow patients to live longer and better lives.

— Peter Lebowitz, M.D., Ph.D., Global Therapeutic Area Head, Oncology, Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson



 












Each day we have the opportunity to delight our consumers with the products, solutions and experiences we create. It’s truly a privilege to work in a company that means so much to so many.

— Jorge Mesquita, Executive Vice President, Johnson & Johnson and Worldwide Chairman, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies



 












It is a privilege to work on JOHNSON’S ® Baby Care products. We work to earn the trust of parents every day, using the purest ingredients to create the safest and gentlest products for babies’ delicate skin.

— Sarita Finnie, Senior Director, JOHNSON’S® and DESITIN®, Consumer



 










More From Johnson & Johnson 






Latest News



What You Need to Know About Johnson & Johnson’s 2017 Second-Quarter Earnings









Our Heritage



Around the World With Johnson & Johnson: 6 Unbelievable Places Company Products Have Been









Innovation



4 Amazing Men and Women at the Forefront of HIV Work 







































Mood Media North America - Elevate the Customer Experience











































 













800 331.3340




Facebook




Twitter




Google




Instagram




LinkedIn



 





Facebook




Twitter




Google




Instagram




LinkedIn




 
 
 















Select Page



 
 



















 















WE PUT PEOPLE IN THE MOOD TO 


 
 



Sight



Connect, engage and inspire. Digital Signage, Menu Boards, Commercial TV, Digital Signage Players.
LEARN MORE
 


Sound



What does your business sound like? Music for Business, Audio Branding, On-Hold Messaging.
LEARN MORE
 


Scent



Create a more memorable experience. Scent Marketing solutions.
LEARN MORE
 
 



Social



Get mobile, personal and interactive. Shazam In-Store, Social Mix, Mood WiFi, location-based technology.
LEARN MORE
 


Systems



Complete the experience with Integrated A/V Systems and local installation.
LEARN MORE
 


Shop



Visit our store to purchase solutions now. Mood Mix now available.
LEARN MORE
 
 
 





 
 
 



Elevate Your Customer Experience with Mood
Contact Us

 
 







 

Featured Product
Mood Mix Pro
Streaming Music for Business
Take control of the music with Mood Mix Pro, our hybrid streaming music solution, fully licensed and designed specifically for business.
Enjoy online access to fully-licensed music, with the ability to personalize your soundtrack at the click of a button.
 
More Info

 
 
 



Mood TV
Create your own Private TV Network.
Fully branded, hyper-local and super simple content management. No competitor commercials, no more switching the channel. Mood TV puts you in total control.
 
More Info

 





 
 
 





Million People Reached Daily

 
 
 





Countries Served

 
 
 





Thousand Client Locations

 
 
 






Experience At a Time

 
 
 
 



The State of Brick & Mortar 2017June 20, 2017



YETI & Mood to Shape Customer Experience at its First Retail StoreMarch 8, 2017



GoConvergence Wins Six Travel Weekly 2016 Magellan AwardsNovember 17, 2016



Mood Sight Solutions Now Available via Samsung Smart SignageOctober 6, 2016



Mood Media hands the customer a virtual remote control to influence their in-store music experienceAugust 24, 2016



1,450-Plus Petsmart locations turn to Mood Media’s music solutionsAugust 9, 2016



Montblanc Selects Mood Media to Support New In-Store ConceptJune 20, 2016



Mood Media’s Teams Help Relaunch Permian Basin Petroleum MuseumMay 23, 2016



Telecommunications Trailblazer, T-Mobile, First European Business to Adopt Mood PresenceApril 13, 2016



Mood Media Hosts Experience Design Lounge at SXSW 2016March 10, 2016


 
 
 
 



Connect With UsAt Mood, we’re all about creating connections. We help our clients design and INTEGRATE every aspect of the CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE, with each element working together in a deliberate and PURPOSEFUL way.Contact Us
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


























 





InfoComm International, the Audiovisual (AV) Association - Digital Signage Trends for 2013


































































Menu
                    








Search








 


Resources









Digital Signage Trends for 2013


Print




Type: Article, Report or Whitepaper
Topics: Digital Signage
Date: March 2013


By Monica Heck, Special to InfoComm International®
Like Julie Andrews’ Maria von Trapp in The Sound of Music, it can sometimes be hard to catch the digital signage world and pin it down. As industries go it’s still relatively young, so tracking global growth in terms of size and pace can be difficult. Digital signage’s defining metrics are variable and its penetration into local markets varies wildly. 
A 2011 study by Global Industry Analysts estimated that the global digital signage systems market would reach $13.8 billion by 2017. Researchers said a retail boom in countries such as China, Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand, the United Arab Emirates, Hong Kong and India would help the lead the way. The United States is the largest regional market worldwide; Asia-Pacific the fastest-growing.  
Having weathered the recession, the digital signage industry is thriving thanks in part to a number of technology trends.
Supporting Rich Content: The Emergence of HTML5 
Moving on from content delivery through Flash applications, the digital signage industry seems to have greeted the arrival of HTML5 with open arms.  “We’re going to see a proliferation of rich, compelling content developed in HTML5 and delivered in HD,” says Jeff Hastings, CEO at BrightSign. “4K HD is on the horizon as well. Rich media like this requires powerful devices capable of hosting, managing and serving it up, and software capable of supporting the latest development tools.”
That said, from a content perspective, HTML5 supports the ability to do more using modest hardware, such as mobile devices, according to Damon Crowhurst, EMEA sales director at Scala. “For a lot of content, agencies are already using HTML5 as opposed to Flash, which has significant benefits in terms of making things interactive. It’s easier to work with and faster to develop.”
Crowhurst says the combination of HTML5 and the Android mobile operating system open up a new sphere of signage applications in retail involving smaller screens, closer to the point of sale. 
Android and the Cloud: ‘Democratizing’ Digital Signage
As Android gains popularity, Crowhurst says it is ushering in lower-priced hardware players in general. “It’s making a sub-$100 player a very viable option for a lot of people. An Android device can either be integrated into a screen, small media player or even a USB stick, which reduces the hardware cost, size and energy footprint,” he says. “We’ll see much bigger networks as a result of this. There are very few networks nowadays running 3,000 to 5,000 systems and we’ll see these becoming more common because of this.”
Ken Goldberg, CEO of Real Digital Media, is more cautious about the rise of such technology in digital signage. “Certainly, Android was the buzzword of choice at the recent Digital Signage Expo,” he says. “Regardless of whether you’re talking about ARM, Android, or SoC (system on chip), the trend is toward finding ways to reduce costs associated with media players.” ARM processors adhere to reduced instruction set computing (RISC), a design that results in fewer transistors and processors that cost less, produce less heat, and use less power than traditional computer processors.
Goldberg says developers are taking one of two approaches: porting player software to ARM-based architectures and building support for SoC-based all-in-one displays. There are advantages and drawbacks to both approaches, he says, and customers are bound to still want functionality and support that may not be available across the ARM world. “For example, in a multiscreen array, using a two-output device can cut player costs in half. It could do the same for ongoing SaaS fees — without giving up any functionality. However, that operating cost savings is not going to happen in the ARM player or all-in-one SoC scenario.”
Consultant Bing Kimpo feels digital signage is moving along the same path as mobile computing, which bodes well for the sector.  “Affordability helps in uptake and distribution,” he says. “Becoming smarter and more social helps make digital signage more relevant and applicable. We are clearly moving away from ‘dumb’ playback to application-oriented digital signage. Android and the cloud have democratized digital signage, which I think helps the industry grow.”
Guillaume de La Tour, CEO of signage content provider BlueFox, also thinks the cloud is having will influence the market. “I think all content is going to be provided in the cloud going forward,” he explains. “The storage drive of the player is getting smaller, in part because of the cloud and because of network bandwidth.”
Simpler, Cheaper Technology:  Driving Customer Demand 
Digital technologies technologies are rising in quality and falling in price. “Videowall hardware and software are getting more versatile and affordable, this inevitably leads to more spectacular installations,” says digital signage media specialist Nurlan Urazbaev. “The past year has seen projection technology being used in many high-profile campaigns. Content shop Pearl Media, among others, has executed visually striking projection-mapping campaigns for some top brands.”
Morgan Van Baren, global vice president and product general manager of visual solutions at Mood Media Corp., is seeing greater demand for videowalls at larger national and international retailers, particularly as showcase displays in their flagship stores. 
“Bigger screens, smaller bezels, lower power consumption and multitouch technology are all trends, but the biggest trend of all is that screens and technology are becoming more affordable,” says Van Baren  “This is driving increased demand from the small business sector. Single-source providers are able to simplify and manage all components of a digital signage solution and provide greater value. We still hear from many of our clients who say that they looked into digital signage before but stopped the search because execution seemed so confusing and expensive.” 
Mike Hemmings, marketing director at European DooH advertising company Amscreen, says his company’s focus is rapid roll-out. “We’ve created a plug-and-play product that doesn’t rely on hard-wired lines. It’s just a screen with a SIM card in the back. Our screen acts like a giant mobile phone and communicates with a central server, serving content over 3G. Each screen can be installed in 30 minutes and we can put out a targeted campaign in less than 24 hours Simplicity is the key.”
Mobility and Interactivity: Engaging With Customers 
Mobile technology will be a game-changer in 2013, according to BrightSign’s Hastings, who says operators will need to adopt a mobile integration plan as part of their overall digital signage strategy.
“Consumers' mobile devices must become extensions of the digital signage marketing message or vehicles to complete the desired transaction. In addition, businesses will rely on tablets and mobile devices for command and control of their signage. We’ve seen some very promising examples of mobile integration, but it’s really just the tip of the iceberg.”
BrightSign is integrating touch and swipe control into its new XD DS players as a direct result of the impact of smartphones and tablets. Whether the company is ahead of the market remains to be seen. Urazbaev says adoption of touch technology has a lot of potential for engaging consumers in public places. “However, at this point the supply of touch-screen functionality seems to be ahead of the content strategy that involves touch interaction,” he explains. 
And the jury is out on the topic of mobile phone payments and digital signage. “We’re going to see a lot of [near-field communication] with mobile payments, but it’s still early and I don’t think anybody has found the right solution yet,” says de La Tour.
Kimpo admits there’s a lot of buzz around NFC, which is a wireless technology similar to Bluetooth. “There are just more Bluetooth-enabled phones in the world, particularly in emerging markets. To me, digital signage should offer all forms of mobile interaction — be it NFC, Bluetooth or QR codes — then let the customer decide which is best.” 
Hot, Not Hot
Overall, experts say interactive solutions are hot, as digital signage developers create simple, smart interfaces. “We anticipate that 2013 will be more about a continuing creative understanding about the application of existing technology,” says Van Baren. “You don’t need to go over the top to create the ‘wow’ factor; you just need to be smart and accessible. It has to make sense to the average consumer."
That said, digital signage experts are quick to point out what’s not hot this year. Audio in digital signage, gesture-based and motion interactivity, and the big one: 3D.
“I think 3D is on the ‘not hot’ list,” says Hastings. “All the solutions introduced so far require a person to do something — wear glasses or view content from a certain location, for example. Consumers don’t want to be constrained by viewing requirements.”


















 
















Moody's Corporation












































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close







































































Section Overview
 
 
Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute to transparent and integrated financial markets. Moody's Corporation (NYSE: MCO) is the parent company of Moody's Investors Service, which provides credit ratings and research covering debt instruments and securities, and Moody's Analytics, which offers leading-edge software, advisory services and research for credit and economic analysis and financial risk management. The Corporation, which reported revenue of $3.6 billion in 2016, employs approximately 10,600 people worldwide and maintains a presence in 36 countries. Further information is available at www.moodys.com.
 

Moody's Investors Service is a leading provider of credit ratings, research, and risk analysis. Moody's commitment and expertise contributes to transparent and integrated financial markets. The firm's ratings and analysis track debt covering more than 120 sovereign nations, approximately 11,000 corporate issuers, 21,000 public finance issuers, and 72,000 structured finance obligations. Moody's Investors Service is a subsidiary of Moody's Corporation (NYSE: MCO), which reported revenue of $3.6 billion in 2016, employs approximately 10,600 people worldwide and maintains a presence in 36 countries. Further information is available at www.moodys.com.
 
 
Ratings Process and Ratings Definitions
How to Get Rated
Look Up a Rating 
Browse Ratings News
Regulatory Affairs


Moody’s Analytics helps capital markets and risk management professionals worldwide respond to an evolving marketplace with confidence. The company offers unique tools and best practices for measuring and managing risk through expertise and experience in credit analysis, economic research and financial risk management. By providing leading-edge software, advisory services, and research, including the proprietary analysis of Moody’s Investors Service, Moody’s Analytics integrates and customizes its offerings to address specific business challenges. Moody's Analytics is a subsidiary of Moody's Corporation (NYSE: MCO), which reported revenue of $3.6 billion in 2016, employs approximately 10,600 people worldwide and maintains a presence in 36 countries. Further information is available at www.moodysanalytics.com.
Credit Research & Risk Measurement
Economic & Consumer Credit Analytics
Structured Analytics & Valuation
Enterprise Risk Management
Professional Services
Risk Qualifications
Training & Certification

 
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
 
The Moody's Foundation
Moody's is proud of the relation-ships that have helped us forge a distinctive philanthropic footprint in our communities worldwide.
more >>CSR Report >> 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DIVERSITY
 A Culture of inclusion
Moody's takes pride in maintaining a balanced and diverse workforce
more >> 
 
​​​













Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay

































