
Piteco SpA (PITE.MI)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Piteco SpA (PITE.MI)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				PITE.MI on Milan Stock Exchange


				5.25EUR
2 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

€5.25


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

28,678




52-wk High

€5.60


52-wk Low

€3.90











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Marco Podini

51
2015

                                Non-Executive Chairman




							Paolo Virenti

54
2015

                                Chief Executive Officer




							Gianni Camisa

55
2015

                                Non-Executive Director




							Andrea Guillermaz

52
2015

                                Non-Executive Director




							Maria Podini

51
2015

                                Non-Executive Director




							Riccardo Veneziani

52
2015

                                Non-Executive Director




							Annamaria Di Ruscio

48
2015

                                Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Marco Podini


					
							Mr. Marco Podini serves as Non-Executive Chairman at Piteco SpA since March 26, 2015. He is President of Dedagroup and the following other companies active in ICT: Dexit Ltd. (Outsourcing), Derga Consulting LTD (SAP consulting), Idea Futura LTD (Digital web strategy), Sinergis LTD (Geo-referencing), Piteco (corporate treasury) and DDWay Ltd. (Software for fashion, banks and public administration). He is also CEO of Sequence, active in the field of outsourcing logistics and production of renewable energy, a counselor in the company Elma SpA and reference shareholder of Lillo Spa, the largest distribution company active in the business formula hard discount in Italy. He was Chief Financial Officer of Elma SpA and Pasubio SpA from 1995 to 2001, financial companies and investment, through which he gained extensive experience in the financial field. He holds Diploma in German Language and graduated with cum laude in Business Administration at Bocconi.




							Paolo Virenti


					
							Mr. Paolo Virenti serves as Chief Executive Officer at Piteco SpA since March 26, 2015. He holds Diploma in Electronics, began his career in 1981 as an analyst programmer. In 1987 he joined the group to take care of the development of the MET solution treasury Piteco with a role of project manager and analyst. Subsequently he was appointed Product Manager Piteco in different versions (Mainframe, AS400, PC) coordinating technical working groups engaged in developing, maintaining and managing the different versions. In 1996 he took responsibility for the project for the construction of the new product "Piteco DUEMILA". In 1997 he became manager. In 2000 he joined the Board of the MET group. In 2000 he became director of the Software Factory group. In 2003 he plays a prominent role in the birth of the Company Piteco becoming immediately, as well as shareholder, CEO and member of the board. From 2006 he became chairman of the board of directors. Since 2012 he is managing director.




							Gianni Camisa


					
							Mr. Gianni Camisa serves as Non-Executive Director at Piteco SpA since March 26, 2015. He graduated cum laude in Law from the University of Milan and a Masters of Business Administration from SDA BOCCONI University. After obtaining a license to practice as a lawyer, then exercised at International Legal Studies in Milan, he comes into IBM Italy in the legal department. In 1994 he is assigned as head of Business Unit Healthcare of IBM South Europe Middle East and Africa, with responsibility for sales and business development IT Health for the Mediterranean region. Between 1997 and 1998 he moved to the United States at the Bureau of IBM Corporation, dealing with business reporting, market analysis and strategic marketing. Back in Italy to take charge of the commercial Public Sector of IBM South Europe Region. In 2000 and 2001 he moved to Switzerland as Managing Director and Vice President of an international division of IBM dedicated to the pharmaceutical market. In early 2002, he returned to Italy, he was appointed first vice president of Operations for IBM Global Services South Region, and Vice President Integrated Technology Services and finally General Manager IBM Global Services for the Region Europe South. In 2006, he left IBM, he was appointed CEO of Almaviva. Since 2008 he has been CEO of Dedagroup.




							Andrea Guillermaz


					
							Mr. Andrea Guido Guillermaz serves as Non-Executive Director at Piteco SpA since March 26, 2015. He graduated in Economics at the Universita Commerciale Luigi Bocconi in 1991, address in business administration and specialization in corporate finance. In October 1991, he joined in the administration of Plasmon Dietary Food. In 1996 he joined the group in MET, Piteco line, as a senior consultant and specialist product and subsequently becomes commercial director. In 2000 he was appointed Director of the Business Unit Products MET. In 2003 he was a founding member of Piteco LTD And sales and marketing manager and adviser Piteco SpA.




							Maria Podini


					
							Ms. Maria Luisa Podini serves as Non-Executive Director at Piteco SpA since March 26, 2015. She is Chairman of Sequence and Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Elma SpA, active in the real estate sector, as well as adviser in Dedagroup. She is reference shareholder of Lillo SpA, a company active in the distribution of large commercial formula hard discount in Italy. She followed the sector of Human Resources in the company of food retail and wholesale of the family with the brand A & O and Famila. She has worked for two years with a law firm in Bolzano specializes in commercial contracts and corporate matters. Since 1994 she edited, in particular, the real estate sector and followed the development of various activities in the property sector. She holds Diploma in Language and graduated in Law with business address at the Universita degli Studi di Milano.




							Riccardo Veneziani


					
							Mr. Riccardo Veneziani serves as Non-Executive Director at Piteco SpA since March 26, 2015. He graduated with honors in Business Administration in 1987 from the University of Modena. After an experience in group Pregel, passed in 1990 at MED group, which is engaged in production of car alarms for vehicles, solenoids and other electromechanical components as CFO. In 1994 he joined the group in the division Piteco MET gaining experience as a Project Manager on numerous customers. Since June 1996, he became Manager of the consulting and coordinator of the Branches of delivery. In 2003 he is one of the founders of Piteco srl, assuming right now as director of the delivery. Currently he serves as CFO and Customer Account Executive and is a member of the board since the establishment of the Company.




							Annamaria Di Ruscio


					
							Ms. Annamaria Di Ruscio serves as Independent Director at Piteco SpA since March 26, 2015. After four years at Gartner, at age 32 she co-founded "NetConsulting", a consulting and market analysis on the information technology, telecommunications and media; since 2005 she became general manager and board member. From December 2014 became CEO of "NetConsulting cube", the holding company of a group of consultants and analysts focused on the digital market. Currently she coordinates the activities in the business consulting users, support innovation through the ICMT (mPayment, IoT, Cloud & Digital Services and Content, new technologies). Since February 2015 she is part of the Strategic Committee of "Digital Enterprise Lab", laboratory research and innovation on digital promoted by Ca 'Foscari of Venice. Since March 2013, she is member of the Central Executive Council of AICA (Italian Association for Automatic calculation). Since 2009 she is member dell'ECWT (European Center of Woman and Technologies). She participates as an independent director in several boards of directors of companies. Since May 4, 2015 has been Vice President of ACSM-AGAM, listed company.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Marco Podini

--




							Paolo Virenti

--




							Gianni Camisa

--




							Andrea Guillermaz

--




							Maria Podini

--




							Riccardo Veneziani

--




							Annamaria Di Ruscio

--



As Of 






					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Marco Podini

0
0




							Paolo Virenti

0
0




							Gianni Camisa

0
0




							Andrea Guillermaz

0
0




							Maria Podini

0
0




							Riccardo Veneziani

0
0




							Annamaria Di Ruscio

0
0









					Insider Trading




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologyIT Services & Consulting



























Lista Pubblicazioni | value track





































 

























Seleziona una pagina


  
 



 



 






Lista Pubblicazioni



	Value Track produce analisi finanziarie – Equity e Credit Research – con rigore metodologico e professionalità al fine di agevolare l’incontro tra società emittenti ed investitori.
I reports includono una dettagliata analisi del mercato di riferimento e dello scenario competitivo e approfondiscono i principali aspetti industriali e finanziari delle società oggetto di analisi.
Le ricerche sono pubblicate di seguito in ordine cronologico.






08-05-2017
SITI B&T – Sector Machinery – Update Report
FY2017 seems to be taken off quite well sustained by healthy demand for both Tile and Sanitaryware machineries and by the progressive ramp up of Customer Care revenues.  Overall, we expect Adj. Net Profit to increase by an average 8%-9% per annum in the next three years.
We fine-tune upwards SITI B&T’s fair value at €11.0 per share on the bank of sector multiples rerating.







04-04-2017
MailUp – Surfing the marketing technology revolution
MailUp Group ranks among the top five to ten cloud based marketing technology players in Europe with services ranging from email marketing to mobile messaging activities and from email editing tools to professional consulting services.
On multiples we get to €3.50 per share fair value while DCF, Sum-of-the-Parts and other valuation methods lead to insightful findings in the €3.09-3.86 range.







28-02-2017
Energica M.C. – Ready to scale up
Despite its young age, Energica has already gone a long way. Almost all the R&D effort, models development, output capacity rollout and vendor financing strategy has been finalised while network distribution set up is on going and marketing activity is mounting. Everything is ready for sales to scale up in the next to come Spring season.
Our risk-adjusted valuation analysis points at a €4.1-€4.6 Fair Value vs. the current €3.0 market price.







17-10-2016
SITI B&T – Ceramic Machinery Market Steadily Positive – Update post 1H16 results
The outlook of the Ceramic machinery sector remains positive, as confirmed by the all-time-high attendance at Tecnargilla, the most important sector exhibition in the world, and in this report we note how SITI B&T is benefitting from it with double-digit top line growth rate.
Updating the valuation assessment returns an almost unchanged €10.30 fair value per share.







17-10-2016
Piteco – Investing for growth – Update 1H16 results
During the first part of 2016 fiscal year Piteco SpA has maintained a healthy cash generation pace, balancing organic and M&A driven business development. In this report we analyse the company’s main growth opportunities such as client base expansion, commercial partnership in Mexico, possible acquisitions in the US and in Italy.
We confirm a €4.85 fair value.







21-09-2016
SITI B&T – Preview of 1H 2016 results
In this report we update on SITI B&T main development efforts i.e. product range development, output capacity reshaping, commercial and customer assistance international expansion. Furthermore we detail on the company’s peculiar business seasonality characterised by a second part of the fiscal year much stronger than the first one.
We confirm a €10.5 fair value per share.







07-06-2016
Piteco – Moving fast – Initiation of coverage
With this in-depth analysis we initiate our coverage of Piteco SpA, listed on AIM Italia back on July 2015. Piteco is an Italian based leadingsoftware house that develops and distributes proprietary solutions aimed at managing corporates’ treasury & cash flow activities and workflow towards national and international banks.
We set a €4.85 fair value on Piteco shares.







18-05-2016
SITI B&T – More brain than muscles – Initiation of coverage
Initiation of coverage (47 pages report) on SITI B&T,the leading Italian based supplier of machinery and systems for ceramic manufacturing listed as of the end of March 2016 on AIM Italia, the market for smaller, growing companies.
We set a €10.5 fair value per share, and we note that the presence of Remedy Shares adds protections and further lowers the risk profile of SITI B&T shares.


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Utilizziamo i cookie per essere sicuri che tu possa avere la migliore esperienza sul nostro sito. Se continui ad utilizzare questo sito noi assumiamo che tu ne sia felice. - We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more








Pair correlation between PITECO S and S A P - Macroaxis






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising









World
US













 Free Limit Reached. The Content is Temporary Locked! 



Why my account is limited to only few analytic runs? 

								To execute equity pricing pattern simulations, real time valuations, recommendations, instant reporting, and portfolio analytics such as mean-variance optimization takes huge amount of 
								computing resources. Since we are a small company we cannot afford to have
								hundreds of servers in our cluster. To be fair to all of our users with free accounts, 
								we have restricted analytics execution to few times.  Please upgrade 
								your account to be able to remove usage restrictions and unlock all the features and tools used by professional money mangers.
								
I don't want to upgrade at this time. Are there any other options? 
	
								Yes, just show us your support and love and we will temporary re-enable the content. 
								To instantly unlock the content for few additional page views, use one of the social buttons below. 
								We thank you for your continued support and appreciate your loyalty as we try to make this service accessible and affordable to all investors.
								













              [locked content goes here]
          

    


    							
			Select to Continue or upgrade













Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets









































































   

Bio toilet PITECO 505 - Lex Group of Companies  | Worldbuild365





























WorldBuild365



Sign Up


Log in










Connect





            We use cookies to optimize the functionality of our website and for certain marketing purposes. You agree to our use of cookies by clicking on 'Allow Cookies' or by continuing to browse this website. Click here to display Privacy and Cookie Policy.
    



Select English

|

Select Russian









            Please type at least 3 characters
        




Sign Up


Log in




Connect





B2B Sourcing Platform for Build, Interiors and HVAC


























Bio toilet PITECO 505


Lex
















The most popular peat bio toilet in Russia - Piteco 505!



Request Information
                





A number of advantages:• Ease of use, compact size and small size of the toilet;• The automatic valve to prevent overflowing of the liquid fraction;• Comfort and stability in the operation;• An effective system of dealing with waste by separating the liquid fraction, proper dispersal of peat and good ventilation.

#Lex
#Bathroom, Kitchen, Pool & Spa
#Sanitaryware








                            Moscow,                                                             Russia
                                                    



                                                            Sign in to see the company’s contact information
                                                    






                     This company has not uploaded any technical documents yet. Please check back soon.             







Enquiry

Purpose of Enquiry *

 I need more information 
                                 Send me a Brochure 
                                 Meet me at the Exhibition 
                                 Send me Your Price List 
                            

Write a Message 
Personal Information
First Name *
Last Name *
E-mail *
Job Title 
Mobile Number+ 
Country *

Please select
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegowina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and Mc Donald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint LUCIA
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Serbia






                                Send Enquiry
                            




* Mandatory fields













Company's Other Products
                                    More from this supplier
                            







 Tent Yf-3176 
Lex Group of Companies 





 Barbecue Grill Green Glade 11090 
Lex Group of Companies 





 Plastic Pavement Helex 
Lex Group of Companies 





 Garden Bench Amsterdam Khw 
Lex Group of Companies 





More Products from This Category  






Tiny Wonder Sanitaryware Collection... 
Hindware





 Toilet Bowl Ideal Standart "active" 
Domotex





Sanicompact Comfort Silence Eco+ To... 
Akvadis





 Inspire Bathroom Collection 
AM.PM





Classic Spirit Sanitaryware Collect... 
Hindware





 Sanitaryware Roca Victoria 
Germes Ceramica





Bidet Ceramic Сollection Of Icon Ab... 
Arca Concept





 Close Couple Pans And Cistern 
Ceramica Globo









Get the most out of your WorldBuild365 journey! 



                Request Information
                




                                    Get in touch with companies with the
                    click of a button for all your sourcing
                    and purchasing needs.
                            



                Like Product
                




                Add to My List
                




                                    Stay connected with your favourite companies through your social feed and easily generate product lists  for your projects. Sign up today to access your personalised MyWorldBuild social pages!
                            



                    Sign up Now!                 

                    Log in to MyWorldBuild                 



















                                            Sign up for WorldBuild365 newsletter
                                    


 Thank You.  
Submit








2017 Stirling Prize shortlist announced
 The very best in new British architecture has been highlighted in the shortlist for the 2017 Stirlin... 



Project of the Week: Windhover Contemplative Centre, Stanford, California, USA, Aidlin Darling Design
 Good architecture does not focus on the purely physical. After all, humans are not entirely physical... 



Panasonic to enter mass market with car roof solar panels 
 Panasonic, the Japanese electronics manufacturer, has started producing a 180-watt series of solar c... 



Billions ready to roll into India’s green building sector
 The International Finance Corporation (IFC) has announced it plans to invest $6 billion in sustainab... 























































PITECO S.p.A.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































August 03, 2017 12:29 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of PITECO S.p.A.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
PITECO S.p.A. engages in the design, development, and implementation of solutions for treasury, finance, and financial planning management worldwide. The company offers PITECO EVO, a platform designed to manage cash management, payment factory, financial planning, global liquidity management, and supply chain finance; PITECO CBC, a corporate banking communication platform that manages automation of the authorization workflows; and PITECO FRM that supports corporate financial risk management processes in compliance with the international accounting codes and observing financial risk exposures. It also provides MATCH.IT, a solution to analyze and match complex data; and PITECO AT.PRO, an infor...
PITECO S.p.A. engages in the design, development, and implementation of solutions for treasury, finance, and financial planning management worldwide. The company offers PITECO EVO, a platform designed to manage cash management, payment factory, financial planning, global liquidity management, and supply chain finance; PITECO CBC, a corporate banking communication platform that manages automation of the authorization workflows; and PITECO FRM that supports corporate financial risk management processes in compliance with the international accounting codes and observing financial risk exposures. It also provides MATCH.IT, a solution to analyze and match complex data; and PITECO AT.PRO, an information system for the back and middle office management of securities portfolio. In addition, the company offers consultancy and assistance services, including consultancy tailored to client needs, customer care, software customizing, customizable product releases, and application management. It serves various customers in automation, automotive, chemical and pharmaceutical, construction, consumer goods, fashion, finance and insurance, food, logistics, mechanics and steel, media, retail, services, telecom, utilities, and oil and gas industries. The company was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Milan, Italy. PITECO S.p.A. is a subsidiary of DEDAGROUP spa.
Detailed Description


Via Mercalli, 16Milan, MI 20122ItalyFounded in 1980



Phone: 39 023 660931

Fax: 39 02 366093825

www.pitecolab.it







Key Executives for PITECO S.p.A.


PITECO S.p.A. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



PITECO S.p.A. Key Developments

PITECO S.p.A., Annual General Meeting, Apr 28, 2017
Apr 18 17
PITECO S.p.A., Annual General Meeting, Apr 28, 2017.


PITECO S.p.A. Presents at 8th DVFA Spring Conference 2017, May-09-2017 03:30 PM
Apr 12 17
PITECO S.p.A. Presents at 8th DVFA Spring Conference 2017, May-09-2017 03:30 PM. Venue: DVFA Center, Frankfurt am Main, Germany. Speakers: Marco Podini, Chairman of the Board of Directors.


PITECO S.p.A., Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jan 24, 2017
Jan 24 17
PITECO S.p.A., Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jan 24, 2017.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 3D Veritas S.r.l. Europe 3dSignBand s.r.l.s Europe 4c s.r.l. Europe 4Strokemedia S.r.l. Europe A.P. Systems srl Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact PITECO S.p.A., please visit www.pitecolab.it.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























