


Products - Niigata Power Systems Co.,Ltd.


























Japanese
Sitemap
Contact








HOME
About us
Product 
					Introduction
Sample of Supply Record
Customer Service
Office
Global Purchasing







Products

Marine


							Power Range

Main Engine


									Dual Fuel Engine

									AHX Series Medium Speed Diesel Engine

									HX Series Medium Speed Diesel Engine

									Low Speed

									High Speed Diesel Engine



							Auxiliary Diesel Generator Set

Marine System

SCR

									Hybrid Tug Marine System





Power Plant


Diesel Engine

AHX 
									Series
HLX 
									Series


Gas Engine
Gas Turbine



					Z-PELLER



 






Marine


									 Power Range
Main Engine

									    Dual Fuel Engine

									    AHX Series Medium Speed Diesel Engine

									    HX Series Medium Speed Diesel Engine

									    Low Speed Diesel Engine Series

									    High Speed Diesel Engine

									 Auxiliary Diesel Generator Set
Marine System

									    SCR(Selective Catalytic Reduction 
									System)

									    Hybrid Tug Marine System




 




Power Plant

Stationary Power Generation Diesel 
									Engine

									    AHX Series

									    HLX Series

									 Stationary Power Generation Gas Engine

									 Emergency Power Generation Gas Turbine






 
 
 





Z-PELLER®


 



Sample of Supply Record




 
 
 


 
 
 




 








Taiwan Manufacturers Directory, China Manufacturers - allproducts.com

















JavaScript RequiredWe're sorry, but Allproducts.com doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled.
      








Home
Buyers

Register
Update
Free Sourcing Service
FAQ


Suppliers

Login/Register
Submit Products?
Membership Upgrade
FAQ
Information Service


Trade Leads

Message Search
Post New Message
Trade Leads Management
My Replied History


Support

Support Center
Contact Us
Link Exchange


繁體中文網
關於亞普達





Categories




Products
Suppliers
Categories




Search












A world leading company aimed at producing quality wire forming machine and system.moreAn experienced supplier of magnet and ferrite magnet supplier, with excellent R&D team.moreAn experienced producer for manufacturing quality test and measurement devices.moreA reliable manufacturer of producing PP plastic containers with high quality.moreAn experienced supplier of flexible conduit and connector company of fittings, flexible metals, etc.more 



Buyer Register
Register today with allproducts.com and join the world's leading e-marketplace for volume buyers and suppliers.

Submit Products
Submit Products™ provides a fast, easy short cut to join Allproducts.com

Trade Leads
A bulletin board for All Products buyer and supplier members to post their message for achieving their business messages.



New Productsview more


Terminal For Connector Parts
Large Diameter Hygienic Butterfly Valve
Wired & Wireless Camera Detector/ RF Signal Detector / Cell Phone Detector
High Flow Pump
Thermoplastic Sheets - Hot Melt Sheet & Chemical Sheets




New Suppliersview more



Holiban Mould (Ningbo) Co., Ltd.
Plastic Injection Mold,
 Plastic Injection Molding,
 Injection Mold,
 Injection Molding,
 Plastic Molding


Ningbo Precise Machinery Co., Ltd.
Alcohol Fireplace,
 Wood Stoves,
 Pellet Stoves,
 Gas Stoves,
 Electric Fireplace


San Yeong Metal Ind. Co., Ltd.
Name Badge Pins, Safety Pins, Badge Bar Pin & Pin Clutch Badge Id Card Holders, Badge Clips, Magnetic Badge Fasteners, Retractable Badge Reels, Curtain Clip, Memo Clip With Cable, Alligator Clip, Memo Clip Holder & Magnetic Clips Lanyard Hook Accessories, And Lanyard Making Machine, Tools, Die Sets & ﻿ Clamps Slot Hole Punches, Luggage Tag Loops, Hair Clips, Eyelet  


Modernsolid Industrial Co., Ltd
Hospital Arm, Mobile Computing Cart, Mobile Computing Cart With Power System, Mobile Workstation Cart, Wall Mount Track System, Medical Equipment Mounting Accessories


Super Polish Machine Co., Ltd
Polishing Machine Manufacturer, Grinding Machines ,polishing Machines Surface Grinding Machine, Surface Polishing Machine


Shoou Shyng Machinery Co., Ltd.
Puncher Tools, Needle Punching Machine, Geotextile Machine, Carpet Machine, Car Carpet Machine


About Ezbond Chemical Co., Ltd.
Healthy And Peaceful Electronic Xi Alkone Product, Paternity Testing, Veterinary Dna Testing, Species Identification, Hepatitis Viral Load, Hbv Real-time Quantitation, Hbv Realquant, Hbv Realtype, Genotyping, Laboratory Accreditation, Cola, Taf, Proficiency Test, Cancer Gene Identification, Target Medicine, Egfr, Molecular Biology, Dna Sequencing, Fragment Analysis, Real-time Quantitation, Pcr


Danny Plastics Co., Ltd.
Plastic Outdoor Furniture,
 Screen Door,
 Vertical Blinds,
 Plastic Pallets,
 Waterproof Flooring


Modernsolid Industrial Co., Ltd 
Hospital Arm, Mobile Computing Cart, Mobile Computing Cart With Power System, Mobile Workstation Cart, Wall Mount Track System, Medical Equipment Mounting Accessories


Bassa Manufacturing Co.,Ltd.
Canvas Tote, Leather Bag, Cooler Bag, Non-woven Bag, Polyester Bag, Denim Bag, Taupaulin Bag


Shuang Cheng Automatic Arc Weloing 
Robotic Co2/mag Welding Machine, Dc Tig + Wire Feeder Robotic Welding System, Plasma Welding + Robotic Welding System


RichPak Ent. Co.,LTD
Pp Plastic Container For All Kinds Of Food And Industrial Products, Such As Screws. We Also Offer Customization And Printing Services, Including In-mold Label, Shrink Wrapping And Many More.


CHI CHI ELECTRIC CO. LTD.
Exothermic Welding,electrical Connections,rail Bonding,grounding/earthing Equipment,protection Systems Consultation,testing And Design,technical Support,on Site Installation


Witec Precision Industry Co., Ltd
Spring, Stamping Parts, Shrapnel, Wire/sheet Molding


Charming Star International CO., LTD.
Narrow Fabric Needle Loom,
 Label Printing Machine,
 Braiding Machine,
 Crochet Knitting Machine,
 Covering Machine,
 Yarn Twisting Machine


Ningbo Yamao Lighting Electric Appliance Co., Ltd.
High Pressure Sodium Lamp,
 Mercury Lamps,
 Ignitor,
 Metal Halide Lamp,
 Compact Fluorescent Lamp,
 Sodium Lamp


瑞陞生技股份有限公司
Oem / Odm


E-sense Technology co., Ltd.
Usb Accessories,  Usb 3.0/2.0 Sata/ide Cable Adapters, Hdd Enclosure, Docking Station, Usb Hubs, Power Bank, Voice Amplifier, Wireless Presenter, Laser Pointer, Usb Car Charger,usb Charger Cable





Hot Products


 11.5 Gram Poker Chips High Voltage Brushless DC Motor, High Voltage Brushless DC Gear Motor, Drive Hollow Shaft Worm Gear Motor GF Reinforced Finger Joint Cutter Tips Wire Hanger Nylon Cable Gland - PF Thread High Voltage Brushless DC Motor, High Voltage Brushless DC Gear Motor, Drive Bonded Nd-Fe-B Magnets 



Trade Leads

New Mens Formal Shirts
Vacuum PVC coated flexible metal conduit flexible conduit fittings for high flex installation(VJC) It is suitable for use in both static












Hot Keywords
Popular Products






China Castings
Digital Safe
Electronic Safe
Electronic Time Recorder
Fingerprint Safe
Fireproof Safe
Gas Stoves
Guard Patrol Systems
Gun Cabinet
Heat Exchanger
Heat Recovery Boiler
Home Safe
Hotel Safe
Injection Mold
Injection Molding
Investment Castings
Lost Wax Castings
Plastic Injection Mold
Plastic Injection Molding
Precision Castings
Precision Investment Castings
Pressure Vessel
Raschel Knitting Machine
Safety Net Machine
Sand Castings
Security Monitoring Systems
Shading Net Machine
Steam Boiler
Thermal Oil Heater
Time Recorder
Time Stamp
Wall Safe







Sanitary Hygienic Fitting Valves
Pcb Prototyping
Linear Rail
Audio Cable
Time Clock
Tpu Leather
HDMI Extender
Crochet Knitting Machine
Cam Rollers
Holographic Film
Cat5 Vga
Covering Machine
Blow Moulding Machines
End Carriage
Narrow Fabric Needle Loom
Tpv
Geared Motor
Cam Roller
Injection Machines
USB 2.0 Cable
Blow Moulding Machine
Blow Molding Machine
Track Roller Bearing
Track Rollers
Pcb Prototype
Pcb Fabrication
RJ45 Connector
Current Transformer
Power Adaptor
Closure Moulds
Crane End Carriages
Yarn Twisting Machine
Drilling Machine
Tpe
HDMI Cable
HDMI 1.4 Cable
Metallized Film
Wireless Security System
Surge Protector















































Products - Yang Bey Industrial Co., Ltd.



























此页面上的内容需要较新版本的 Adobe Flash Player。
















 


Home
Sitemap
 English | 简体中文 


























此页面上的内容需要较新版本的 Adobe Flash Player。











All
Plastic Strapping ToolsSteel Strapping ToolsPneumatic Steel Strapping ToolsSealless Combination ToolsStainless Steel Strapping ToolsBuckles / SealsCarton Edge ProtectorsStrapping DispensersCable Tie GunsWire BindersStretch Film DispensersUtility KnivesMulti-function CuttersLetter Openers and Paper CuttersCutter Stand for Packing MaterialImpulse Heat SealersCarton SizersStapling SystemRivet Installation ToolsStrain Relief Bushing ToolsLine Marking HandlesFloor Marking Tape ToolsTape Dispensing ToolsBag SealersLabel DispensersProtection Film ApplicatorsMasking Film DispensersAwning TensionersCardboard Edge Protector CutterPaper CrumplerAuto Label DispenserVHB Tape Dispenser 































此页面上的内容需要较新版本的 Adobe Flash Player。








Home > PRODUCTS
0 items in my inquiry basket
PRODUCTS



 
 Plastic Strapping Tools
 
 Steel Strapping Tools
 
 Pneumatic Steel Strapping Tools
 
 Sealless Combination Tools


 
 Stainless Steel Strapping Tools
 
 Buckles / Seals
 
 Carton Edge Protectors
 
 Strapping Dispensers


 
 Cable Tie Guns
 
 Wire Binders
 
 Stretch Film Dispensers
 
 Utility Knives


 
 Multi-function Cutters
 
 Letter Openers and Paper Cutters
 
 Cutter Stand for Packing Material
 
 Impulse Heat Sealers


 
 Carton Sizers
 
 Stapling System
 
 Rivet Installation Tools
 
 Strain Relief Bushing Tools


 
 Line Marking Handles
 
 Floor Marking Tape Tools
 
 Tape Dispensing Tools
 
 Bag Sealers


 
 Label Dispensers
 
 Protection Film Applicators
 
 Masking Film Dispensers
 
 Awning Tensioners


 
 Cardboard Edge Protector Cutter
 
 Paper Crumpler
 
 Auto Label Dispenser
 
 VHB Tape Dispenser







 

Copyright © Yang Bey Industrial Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Yang Bey Industrial Co., Ltd.   元貝實業股份有限公司
TEL: 886-4-25320779     FAX: 886-4-25319186　ybico@ms16.hinet.net 



















Product Information | Fuji Electric FA Components & Systems Co., Ltd.



























Sales NetworkWebsite
Sales NetworkWebsite
Sales NetworkWebsite
Sales NetworkWebsite
Sales NetworkWebsite




























Japanese




































Home > Fuji Electric FA TOP > Product Information













Product Information




Information on a new product
Information on product change
Search for discontinued products


Products provided by Fuji Electric FA Components & Systems are introduced according to each category.




With the acceleration of globalization in the power-receiving and distribution equipment market, we offer various power-receiving and distributing devices that can be used in cross-border markets through our wide range of products that conform to major standards in the world.


To Customers Considering Renewal






Through a merger of Fuji Electric FA Components & Systems that has the highest market share in Japan in the field of electric motor control device and Schneider Electric that has the highest market share in the world, we are now able to offer superior value to our customers as the genuine world’s No. 1 manufacturer.






Molded case circuit breaker/ earth leakage circuit breakers 
Earth leakage protective relays
Air circuit breakers
Circuit protectors 
Low-voltage fuses






Magnetic contactors, Magnetic starters
Solid-state contactors (SSC) 
Manual motor starters(MMS) 








We will satisfy our customers’ demands through our wide variety of controlling and indication devices and global standard sensors added, and providing comprehensive solutions such as relays and time delay relays.




We satisfy the needs of our customers with highly reliable products and various types of medium-voltage apparatus that support recent sophisticated power-receiving and distributing systems including our medium-voltage vacuum circuit breaker that secures safety of electric equipment. 


To Customers Considering Renewal








Pushbuttons, Pilot lights
Industrial control relays
Time delay relays
Sensors, Switches





Disconnecting switches
Power fuses
Load break switches
Circuit breakers
Magnetic contactors








We help our customers to “visualize electric power” by means of a wide range of products and our reliable engineering capabilities. We make energy-saving proposals according to our customers’ energy environment in areas ranging from quality assurance and protection of high-voltage electric power to management of low-voltage consumption rate.






Power monitoring unit
Power monitoring equipment




Product search


Keywords such as a product name can be searched in the products of the whole Fuji Electric Group.

* Part of a keyword can be used for searching.
Products handled by Fuji Electric Co., Ltd. are listed below.

Drive control equipment
Programmable control Equipment























Information on new products
Information on product changes
Search for discontinued products
FUJI ED & C TIMES News Letter




























Site Map
Terms of Services
Privacy Policy








































M-System - Automation Components Company










































Site MapGlobal M-System


























  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 

  
















Product Category    All
Signal Conditioners
Two-wire Signal Conditioners
Power Transducers
Indicators
Tower Light
Limit Alarms
Gateway, Remote I/O
Paperless Recording System
PC Recorder
Web Data Loggers
PID Control Components
Temperature Controllers
Electric Actuators & Position Sensors
Lightning Surge Protectors
Auxiliary Components




Do not enter complete model suffix codes.
								e.g.) M2VS-A6-M2/CE → Enter “M2VS” only




 CE
 UL
 Ex
 SIL
















Specification sheets, Instruction Manuals and Ordering Information Sheets are downloadable in PDF.

























 









New Products of the Month 
New products added to
                            	    Mini-M M2E Series Compact Plug-in Signal Conditioners with OEL Display







R30 Series Compact, Mixed Signal Remote I/O
・Remote I/O optimized for Ethernet networks.・High speed bus









TR30-G Tablet Recorder Web-enabled DAQ System
Compact package, no need of dedicated application software other than a web browser.







Model MDCAT Gigabit Ethernet Surge Protector
                           	        Ideal for Protecting CCTV Systems
Multi-stage protection provided for all four pairs of conductors in Cat. 5e / Cat. 6 performance with minimal interference.








47NL Series Ultra-slimDigital Panel Meter
 1/8 DIN size (96 x 48 mm), 4 1/2 digit process meter which accepts DC voltage or current input.








Web Data Logger 
DL8 Series
Web enabled remote terminal unit. Use internet and your own smart phone to build up remote monitoring system.







IT40SW / IT50SW / IT60SW Series
Wireless LAN Tower Light 
Small size, 1 - 5 layers.  Wireless LAN access point complied with IEEE802.11b/g/n.                           	        Energy saving, maintenance free LED lights. 







53U Multi Power Monitor with UL Approval
4-line digital indicator for free combination of variables in AC heavy current systems



 


R9 Series Multi Power Monitoring Unit
Basic unit can measure up to 8 heavy current circuits on a common voltage input. 



 


Tower Light IT40S, IT50S, IT60S Series 
Small size, 1 - 5 layers.  Open Network Capable Tower Light.                           	        Energy saving, maintenance free LED lights. 







Tower Light IT60 Series 
60 mm dia., 4 layers. Open Network Capable Tower Light.                           	        Energy saving, maintenance free LED lights







Head Office & Factory Closed
Please be informed that M-System Osaka head office and factory will be closed from August 11 to 15, 2017 for summer holidays. We will be back again on August 16.Thank you very much for your cooperation and understanding.




June 30, 2017
M-System publishes catalog
"M-System’s Remote I/O Series" 
(PDF,6.3MB)(e-Book)





June 30, 2017
M-System publishes catalog
"Ethernet Lightning Surge Protector Ideal for Surveillance Cameras Applications model: MDCAT" (PDF,9MB)(e-Book)





February 24, 2017
M-System publishes catalog
"COMPACT REMOTE I/O for  MECHATROLINK" (PDF,3.2MB)(e-Book)




January 27, 2017
Notice of changing option code
                                "Lightning surge protector for standard signal line & pulse use (model: MDP-24-1 / MDP-65-1)"





December 2, 2016
M-System publishes catalog
"High Performance Electric Actuator 
for Stock Valve
PRP Series" (PDF,7.1MB)(e-Book)





October 31, 2016
M-System publishes catalog
"ELECTRIC ACTUATORS" 
(PDF, 6.8MB)(e-Book)




September 20, 2016
Relocation of Singapore Subsidiary  "MGTEC ASIA PTE. LTD." 




September 8, 2016
M-System publishes catalog
"Web-enabled DAQ System
Tablet Recorder TR30-G" 
(PDF, 4.7MB)(e-Book)




May 9, 2016
M-System publishes catalog"I/O SOLUTION PRODUCTS 2016-2017"(PDF, 13MB)(e-Book)





March 31, 2016
M-System publishes catalog
                                "WEB DATA LOGGER DL8 Series Rev.2" 
                                (PDF, 4.7MB)(e-Book)





March 17, 2016
"TR30-G Tablet Recorder Demo Site" open





March 11, 2016
M-System publishes catalog
                                "DL8 Web Data Logger for IoT" 
                                (PDF, 17.8MB)(e-Book)





March 7, 2016
Quality News
                                "Important notice to importers of CE marked products"








June 02, 2017
"New Products of the Month" updated 
May 10, 2017
"New Products of the Month" updated 
April 07, 2017
"New Products of the Month" updated 
March 06, 2017
"New Products of the Month" updated 
February 15, 2017
"R7G4HH Series - Compact Remote I/O" updated 
February 15, 2017
"New Products of the Month" updated 
January 13, 2017
"New Products of the Month" updated 
December 08, 2016
"New Products of the Month" updated 
November 07, 2016
"New Products of the Month" updated 
October 25, 2016
"CC-Link Master Module (model: FAMCL-01)" updated 
October 13, 2016
"New Products of the Month" updated 
September 5, 2016
"New Products of the Month" updated 
August 4, 2016
"New Products of the Month" updated 
July 12, 2016
"New Products of the Month" updated 
June 8, 2016
"New Products of the Month" updated 














Download

Software
Driver
Network Device Profile
Data Sheet
Data Sheet (by Series) 
Instruction Manual
Ordering Info Sheet
Technical Manual
Product Catalog
Scale Plate Designer
FAQ 

Quality News
Applications










Page top






 Signal Conditioners | Two-wire Signal Conditioners | Power Transducers | Indicators | 
Tower Light | Limit Alarms | Gateway, Remote I/O | Paperless Recording System | PC Recorder | 
Web Data Loggers | PID Control Components | Temperature Controllers | 
Electric Actuators & Position Sensors | Lightning Surge Protectors | 






					Specifications are subject to change without notice. [M-System Warranty: PDF, 53k]
					All product names used in this website are sole property of their respective owners.
				



Privacy Policy






				Copyright © 2011-2017 M-System Co., Ltd. All right reserved.
			

















Products | M-System




























Site MapGlobal M-System























Home > Products Guide















 

								Converting a field signal suitable for processing after conditioning





Universal Input
Isolators
DC mV, V, mA Input
Temperature Input
Potentiometer Input
Current Loop Supplies & Power Supplies
Strain Gauge Input
AC Input
Frequency I/O
Pneumatic Transducers
Function Modules
Isolation Amplifiers
Unique & Special


 



 

								High performance transmitters in various housing styles 





Universal Input
Isolators
DC mV, V, mA Input
Temperature Input
Potentiometer Input
Frequency I/O
Pneumatic Transducers


 



 

								Measuring most electrical parameters




Multi Power Transducers / Monitors
Power Transducers
Clamp-on Current Sensors


 



 
 Bright, Clear, and Colorful Displays


Bargraph indicator
Digital Indicators
Field indicators




 
 Energy saving, maintenance free LED lights
 


IT40S, IT50S, IT60S Series
IT60 Series 



 
 Monitoring a process signal and providing limit alarm trips


Programmable Alarms 
Analog Alarms







 
 Communicating directly to the PLC, DCS, HMI 
 


R6 Series
R7 Series
R7K4FML3 Series
R7K4JML3 Series
R7G4FML3 Series
R7G4HML3 Series
R7F4HML3 Series
R7K4FML Series
R7K4DML Series
R7G4HML Series
R7F4DH Series
R7K4DH Series
R7G4HH Series
R3 Series
R30 Series
R8 Series
R5 Series
R1 Series
HUB Module
CC-Link Master Module




 
 Versatile data recording and intutive operation
 


73VR Series
71VR1
73VR1100
73VR2100
73VR3100
TR30-G




 
 Log, Trend, Analyze and Profile Process Signals with your PC
 


MSRPAC
MSRpro






 
Web-enabled Remote Terminal Unit
 


DL8 Series
GR8 Series




 
Highly Visible Color Graphic LCD
				      Intuitive Touch Panel Operation
 


SC Series




 
 Universal input
 


TC10 Series
R3-TC2
R8-TC2






 
 High resolution positioning for superior valve control


Electric Actuators
Position Sensors
Manual Loading Station




 
 Protecting sensor, signal, power and communication lines
 


Surge Protector Selection Guide
Life Monitor



 








Software Download
Driver Download
Network Device Profile Download
Data Sheet Download
Instruction Manual Download
Ordering Info Sheet Download
Technical Manual Download
Product Catalog Download
Scale Plate Designer
Quality News
Applications









Page top






 Signal Conditioners | Two-wire Signal Conditioners | Power Transducers | Indicators | 
Tower Light | Limit Alarms | Gateway, Remote I/O | Paperless Recording System | PC Recorder | 
Web Data Loggers | PID Control Components | Temperature Controllers | 
Electric Actuators & Position Sensors | Lightning Surge Protectors | 






					Specifications are subject to change without notice. [M-System Warranty: PDF, 53k]
					All product names used in this website are sole property of their respective owners.
				



Privacy Policy






				Copyright © 2011-2017 M-System Co., Ltd. All right reserved.
			



















株式会社両毛システムズ

































 















お問い合わせ
サイトマップ




























 





サービス・ソリューション


基幹系業務
セキュリティ対策
クラウド
MBDModel Based Development
アウトソーシング
災害対策


グループ提供サービス

データセンター
ITサポート
Web制作


他のキーワードから検索 




















お知らせ 過去のお知らせ

2017/07/25
平成30年3月期　第1四半期決算短信〔日本基準〕（連結） 
2017/07/13
RSわくわくフェスティバル開催のお知らせ
             2017年10月14日(土) 10:00～13:30 株式会社両毛システムズ 本社
2017/06/22
第48期報告書 







        		お問い合わせ
        	

        		業務のお悩み、セキュリティのお悩み、まずはお気軽にご相談ください。





       		  グループ会社
        	


 








       		  ミツバグループ
        	




その他のグループ会社 






        		グループ会社
        	


両毛ビジネスサポート
両毛インターネットデータセンター
Ryomo Vietnam Solutions Company Limited
Ryomo Philippines Information Corp.



        		ミツバグループ
        	


ミツバ
タツミ
その他のグループ会社 















