


Sopra Steria - Wikipedia





















 






Sopra Steria

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Steria)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. The specific problem is: Clean up. Please help improve this article if you can. (October 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article appears to contain a large number of buzzwords. There might be a discussion about this on the talk page. Please help improve this article if you can. (March 2016)







This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (March 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Sopra Steria Group SA





Type

Société Anonyme


Traded as
Euronext: FR0000050809


Industry
Information technology consulting and services


Founded
1968 (as Sopra)


Headquarters
Annecy, France



Key people




Pierre Pasquier (Chairman)




Vincent Paris (CEO)




John Torrie (Deputy CEO)





Revenue
€3.741 billion (2016)



Number of employees

38,000


Website
soprasteria.com


Sopra Steria Group SA (commonly referred to as Sopra Steria) is a European information technology consultancy established in September 2014 upon the merger of Sopra Group SA and Groupe Steria SCA (commonly refererred to as Sopra and Steria, respectively). Technically, Sopra was the company to adopt the new name, retaining its legal personality.
The primary business areas of the company include consulting services, systems integration and solutions, integration of ERP solutions, implementation of application solutions, as well as subcontracting solutions for providing technical support to users and application maintenance and outsourcing services and operation of professional processes.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Timeline
1.2 Sopra

1.2.1 Acquisitions

1.2.1.1 Axway Software subsidiary




1.3 Steria


2 Businesses
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
Timeline[edit]

1968 – Creation of Sopra (Programming and Analysis Company).
1969 – Creation of Steria. SODERI (Information Research and Development Company) holds 51%, the BNP Group holds 29.5% and the Indochina Group holds 19.5%. The company holds its headquarters in the BNP offices.
1971 – Sopra signs its first large global banking managed services agreement. This agreement leads to the first banking platform the following year.
1972 – Sopra launches its first Human Resources solution; Pacha.
1973 – Steria computerises Agence France-Presse by creating a text processing system that enables the transmission of information in real time.
1974 – Steria acquires Sitintel, a miniature information specialist.
1979 – Sopra proposes its first banking software solution.
1981 – Steria takes part in the development of Minitel, by designing the system's architecture, security software and certain applications.
1982 – Creation of Sopra's banking solution development business, alongside the launch of its first banking solution (for funds).
1986 – Sopra's first major national project with the French Ministry of the Interior.
1987 – Beginning of expertise on the transport and mobility market thanks to Steria's automation project for the RER A in Paris.
1990 – Sopra is listed on the Second Market of the Paris stock exchange, now the NYSE Euronext Paris.
1992 – Sopra announces its first banking regulatory reporting solution for BAFI.
1994 – Steria creates the management system for the French interbank payment system.
1996 – Sopra acquires SG2 Ingénierie (an IT company that assists financial and banking institutions), and ProBF (a designer of integrated banking solutions), as well as the Human Resources package, Pléiades.
1997 – Steria acquires the Indian company IIS Infotech based in New Delhi,India. In September of the same year, François Enaud is appointed Group CEO.
1999 – Sopra expands to the United Kingdom, Spain, Italy and Germany. The company then creates the EVOLAN suite (several modules, including fund management).
1999 – Steria is listed on the Second Market of the Paris stock exchange.
2000 – Steria acquires three French companies: Experian; France's IT management business; Tecsi, a company specialising in embedded software; and Equip, a specialist micro-IT equipment management company. Meanwhile, Sopra acquires Orga Consultants (a strategy, management and organisation consulting company).
2001 – Sopra sets up its subsidiary; Axway Software and acquires Viewlocity, Cyclone Commerce and Tumbleweed Communications in the USA, as well as the Italian company ITI and the British company CS Rand, which both offer systems consulting and integration services. Through Axway Software, the company decides to expand into theEnterprise Application Integration (EAI) market.
2001 – Steria acquires Bull's IT service operations in 9 European countries (UK, Germany, Spain, Norway, Denmark, Sweden, Belgium, Luxembourg and Switzerland); and develops Belgian electronic identity cards.
2003 – Sopra Group acquires Inforsud Ingénierie.
2004 – Sopra Group acquires Valoris, a European Consulting and IT Services company.
2005 – Steria acquires the German company, Mummert Consulting. Sopra opens Near and Offshore service centres in Europe and India, acquires the company Newell & Budge in the UK and its Irish and Indian subsidiaries who use a comprehensive range of IT services, ranging from consulting to implementation, as well as PROFit, an independent company specialising in consulting and the integration of systems based in Spain and Portugal.
2007 – A busy year of changes. Steria acquires the company Xansa in the UK, thus enabling it to substantially develop its market shares in the UK public sector, as well as its offshore production capacity in India. In addition, the company's statutes evolve to enable a "participatory governance", involving all employee shareholders. Steria signs the 'Chorus' agreement with the French Ministry of Finance, to become part of the biggest SAP project in France. The company also opens two near-shore centres in Poland and Morocco.
2008 – Sopra acquires CIBF, an independent company that develops packages and software for portfolio, risk and interbank exchange management, as well as BAI, a fund solution developer.
2011 – Listing - spin-off of Axway Software/Sopra Group on theNYSE Euronext Paris. At the same time, the Group acquires 100% of Delta Informatique, an independent company responsible for designing a 'Global Banking' solution aimed at retail banking in France and countries around the world. Sopra also launches its first banking distribution solution, following its acquisition of Delta Informatique (bank solution developer)
2012 – Creation of Sopra Banking Software as a 100% subsidiary of Sopra, following the acquisition of Delta Informatique and Callataÿ & Wouters (specialists in creating packages designed for the banking sector for the formation of a common entity). Sopra also acquires the British subsidiaries of Business & Decision and Tieto.
2013 – Steria signs the SSCL contract in order to manage the back-office functions of several UK government ministries from a shared services platform. Meanwhile, Sopra Group acquires HR Access (a Human Resources solutions developer) and COR&FJA Banking Solutions GmbH (banking solutions developer), therefore strengthening its range of HR solutions.
2014 – Strategic partnership between La Banque Postale and Sopra Banking Software to roll out a new nationwide Core Banking platform.
2014 – The merger of Sopra and Steria is announced on 8 April 2014. Both companies seek to become the European leader in digital services.
2014 – Success of Sopra’s Friendly Public Exchange Offer for Steria on 5 August 2014 for all of Steria's shares. Sopra Group becomes Sopra Steria Group. The process will take the form of a public exchange offer launched by Sopra for its competitor Steria, at the rate of one Sopra share for four Steria shares.
2014 – The legal merger of Sopra and Steria takes place on 31 December 2014.
2015 – The merger of Steria Group and Sopra Group becomes effective on 31 December, leading to the birth of Sopra Steria Group, a European leader in digital transformation.

Sopra[edit]




Logo of Sopra. The motto of the company was Talented together


Sopra was seated in Annecy, France, had a revenue of €1.349 billion (2013) and 16,290 (Dec. 2013) employees. Founded in January 1968 by Pierre Pasquier, François Odin and Léo Gantelet,[1][2] Sopra is one of Europe's longest established IT service companies. From the outset, Sopra positioned itself in all IT service sectors and soon became a key player in the French market. On March 2014, Sopra Group became Sopra. In April 2014, Sopra announced a merger with Steria in an attempt to create the European leader in computer services.[3] Sopra is a consulting, IT services and software development company. Its subsidiary Sopra Banking Software develops and distributes software for the financial services market. Sopra employs more than 16,000 people and generated a turnover of 1.349 billion euro in 2013.
Three complementary business lines:[4]

Consulting (Sopra Consulting) Management and Technology
Systems and solutions integration
Software publishing in the following field :

Human resources (HR Access and Pléiades offering)
Real estate management (Ulis, Ikos and Altaïx offerings)



Sopra is focused on the following business sectors :

Financial services
Services, transportation and utilities
Public sector
Industry
Telecom and media
Retail

Acquisitions[edit]
Sopra's main acquisitions are :

In 1996, acquisition of SG2 Ingénierie (650 people).
In 2000, acquisition of Orga Consultants, Strategy and management consulting company (200 people)[5]
In 2001, acquisition of the Italian company ITI and British CS Rand, both acting in the system integration and consulting fields[6]
December 2003, Sopra acquires Inforsud Ingénierie from the Crédit Agricole Group(530 people).
In July 2004, acquisition of Valoris, Consulting and IT Services European company(500 people)[7]
In July 2005, acquisition of Newell & Budge (UK) and its subsidiaries in Ireland and India, IT services (600 people)[8]
In November 2005, Sopra acquires 100% of the share capital of PROFit SA, system integration and consulting company based in Spain and Portugal (700 people)
In July 2008, acquisition of CIBF, independent company specialised in portfolio and risks management software development for the banking sector, based in Nantes (60 people)[9]
October 2011, acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Delta Informatique, independent company offering financial software solutions[5] · .[10]
In February 2012, Sopra acquires the Belgian company Callataÿ & Wouters, specialised in banking software.[11][12]
March 2012, acquisition of British subsidiaries of Business & Decision and Tieto[13]
In July 2012, Sopra creates Sopra Banking Software consequently to the acquisitions of Callataÿ & Wouters and Delta Informatique[14]
In April 2013, Sopra announces the acquisition of HR Access, software solutions for the human resources management industry (900 people)[15]
In February 2014, Sopra announces the acquisition of the German company COR&FJA Banking Solutions [16]
April 2014, merger with Steria

Axway Software subsidiary[edit]
In 2001, Sopra creates its subsidiary Axway to access the EAI market (Enterprise Application Integration) :

In 2001, creation[17] of Axway Software (400 people, 50 million euros revenue);
In 2002, Axway acquires the integration business of the American company Viewlocity Inc.[18][19] first in Europe, then in Asia and in the US;
Early 2006, acquisition of Cyclone Commerce, Inc., an enterprise software US company;[20][21]
Early 2007, acquisition in Germany of the enterprise software business of Atos Origin;[22]
In September 2008, acquisition of Tumbleweed Communications Corp.

Axway Software splits from Sopra in June 2011 consequently to its stock market launch.[23]
Steria[edit]




Logo of Steria


Groupe Steria SCA was founded in 1969, was based in Issy-les-Moulineaux, France, had a revenue of €1.75 billion in 2013 and had more than 20 000 employees. was a multinational information technology services company headquartered in Issy-les-Moulineaux, France. It delivers IT enabled business services, focusing on key vertical market sectors: public services, finance, telecommunications, utilities and transport. The company provides consulting services for its clients' core business processes, and also develops and operates their information systems.
Steria has 20,000 employees across 16 countries. In 2013, Steria revenue amounted to €1.75 billion.[24] Steria is listed on the Euronext Paris market and over 20% of its capital is owned by its employees.
Following the merger of Steria and Sopra, Groupe Steria SCA and its subsidiaries are now part of the Sopra Steria Group, a European leader of digital transformation established in September 2014.
Steria was created by Jean Carteron in 1969. Francois Enaud took over as Group chairman and CEO in 1998[25] and Steria listed itself in the Paris Stock Exchange the next year. In 2000, Steria acquired three service and telecom companies in France to become one of top five French service providers. In 2001, Steria started the Fondation Steria,[26] a community support group. In July 2007, Steria acquired the United Kingdom-based IT outsourcing and technology company Xansa for £472 million in cash.[27][28] At the time of the acquisition Xansa had a total of around 8,000 staff, of whom around 5,000 were based in India.[28] According to the terms of an agreement signed with AURELIUS on 20 October 2012, Steria completed the sale of its Spanish subsidiary on 28 November 2012.
Steria has sites in the following locations: Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Luxembourg, Morocco, Norway, Poland, Singapore, Switzerland, Sweden and United Kingdom.[29]
The Steria Corporate Center for Real-Time and Embedded Software expertise, located in Aix-en-Provence, France, focuses on aeronautics (Eurocopter, Dassault), defence (DCNS, DGA) and transportaIt uses products including QC (TEST DIRECTOR), SCADE and VAPS.
Services offered by Steria included: Applications management, Infrastructure management, IT service management, Business process outsourcing, Testing and quality, Cloud - Workplace on command, infrastructure on command and Security - Right Security
NHS Shared Business Services (NHS SBS) is a joint venture between Steria and the United Kingdom's Department of Health. It provides services in finance and accounting; payroll and human relations; family health services; and commercial procurement.
NHS SBS employs over 1,400 people, recovers more than £12 billion of debt, pays 200,000 NHS employees and processes £36 billion of payments per annum for its NHS clients. It works with over 40% of NHS organisations to deliver operational efficiencies, cost savings and improved service quality, and is on target to deliver £250 million of cost savings to NHS trusts and organisations.[30]
Businesses[edit]
The primary business areas of Sopra Steria are: consulting services: strategic consulting, implementing of restructuring projects and development towards new technologies, etc.; systems integration and solutions: design and implementation of Internet technology solutions (portals, merchant sites, Intranet and Extranet networks, etc.), integration of ERP solutions, implementation of application solutions (customer relationship management, HR management, etc.). The group also offers subcontracting solutions for providing technical support to users and application maintenance; outsourcing services and operation of professional processes: supervision, administration and operation of IT infrastructures, operation of finance, administration, human resources functions, etc.
References[edit]


^ Histoire – Les deux derniers grands capitaines de l’industrie des services informatiques encore à la barre de leur entreprise, nr. 218, p1026-1028, iLogiciels & Services
^ Pierre Pasquier, dernier pionnier, Olivier Hensgen, 23 maart 2009, La Tribune
^ Sopra announces merger with Steria
^ Annual financial report – Additional informations on page 6
^ a b Rapprochements conseil et SSII : quand l'amont et l'aval ne font qu'un
^ Sopra fait ses emplettes en Italie et en Grande-Bretagne
^ Valoris se décide pour Sopra
^ Sopra settles in the UK by acquiring Newell & Budge
^ Sopra se renforce dans le secteur bancaire avec le rachat de CIBF
^ Sopra s'offre l'éditeur de logiciels financiers Delta Informatique
^ Callataÿ & Wouters racheté par le français Sopra
^ Callataÿ & Wouters signe un accord avec le groupe Sopra et formera ainsi un acteur européen majeur
^ Sopra annonce la finalisation de deux acquisitions au Royaume-Uni
^ Historique de Sopra Banking Software
^ ChannelNews – Sopra Group finalises the acquisition of HR Access
^ Sopra finalise l’acquisition de COR&FJA Banking Solutions GmbH
^ l'EAI prend le chemin de l'independance – Information Builders, Sybase et Sopra ont tous trois regroupé leur activité d'éditeur d'EAI au sein d'une entité distincte.
^ Europolitics – SOPRA ACQUIRES STAKE IN AMERICAN GROUP VIEWLOCITY
^ Information-Age – Viewlocity backs out of EAI
^ Bloomberg Business Week – Cyclone Commerce, Inc. was acquired by Axway Software S.A.
^ 4-Traders – Sopra Group: Axway Finalizes Merger with Cyclone
^ GARTNER – Axway and Atos Origin Unite to Offer B2B Integration Services
^ Euronext – Axway IPO, NYSE Euronext Paris
^ Steria - Who are we?
^ Steria - François Enaud - Chairman and CEO
^ Home Page
^ "Xansa surges after rival's £472m bid". The Telegraph. 31 July 2007. Retrieved 9 September 2012. 
^ a b "France's Steria to buy UK IT group Xansa". Reuters. 30 July 2007. Retrieved 9 September 2012. 
^ Steria - Locations
^ http://www.sbs.nhs.uk/home/working-with-clients retrieved 30/5/2012 11:38


External links[edit]

Official website

Presentation of the merger









v
t
e


Consulting



Firms





Management




A.T. Kearney
Accenture
Arthur D. Little
Bain & Company
BearingPoint
Booz Allen Hamilton
Boston Consulting Group
Capgemini Consulting
Deloitte (Monitor Deloitte)
Ernst & Young (Parthenon)
Gallup
Huron Consulting Group
KPMG
L.E.K. Consulting
Marsh & McLennan Companies (Oliver Wyman)
McKinsey & Company
PA Consulting Group
PricewaterhouseCoopers (Strategy&)
Roland Berger






Finance




Analysis Group
Aon
BDO International
Capco
Deloitte
Ernst & Young
FTI Consulting
Grant Thornton International
KPMG
Mazars
Milliman
PricewaterhouseCoopers
RHI






IT




Accenture
Atos
Avanade
Business & Decision
Cambridge Consultants
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Infosys
iResearch Consulting Group
PA Consulting Group
Protiviti
Slalom Consulting
Sogeti
Sopra Steria
Tata Consultancy Services
Unisys






HR




Aon (Aon Hewitt)
Buck Consultants
Hay Group
Marsh & McLennan Companies (Mercer)
Robert Half International
Towers Watson






Defunct/Merged




Accenture (Kurt Salmon)
Aon Hewitt (Hewitt Associates)
Arthur Andersen
DXC Technology (Hewlett Packard Enterprise * CSC)
Ernst & Young (Ernst & Ernst * Arthur Young & Co. * Ernst & Whinney)
PricewaterhouseCoopers (Price Waterhouse * Coopers & Lybrand)








People





Founders




James L. Allen
Arthur E. Andersen
Bill Bain
Roland Berger
Edwin G. Booz
Marvin Bower
William Welch Deloitte
Alwin C. Ernst
Bruce Henderson
Piet Klijnveld
Arthur Dehon Little
James Marwick
James O. McKinsey
Michael Porter
Arthur Young)






MDs




Dominic Barton
Charles-Édouard Bouée
Orit Gadiesh
Rich Lesser








Areas



Management consulting
Assurance services
Audit
Biotechnology consulting
Economic consulting
Financial adviser
Human resource consulting
Information technology consulting
Performance consulting
Public sector consulting
Risk and strategic consulting
Tax advisor





Others



Accounting networks and associations (Big Four accounting firms)
Big Three (management consultancies)
Business consultant
Business networking
Case interview
Certified management consultant
Consultant
Consulting firm
Enron scandal
Grade (consulting)
House of Lies
Professional services networks
Professional services
Strategy+Business
Victor Cheng








 List of management consulting firms
 List of IT consulting firms










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sopra_Steria&oldid=788544372"					
Categories: Information technology companies of FranceInternational information technology consulting firmsSoftware companies of FranceSoftware companies established in 19681968 establishments in FranceCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Articles needing cleanup from October 2015All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles with a reason field from October 2015Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from October 2015Wikipedia articles containing buzzwords from March 2016Articles with a promotional tone from March 2016All articles with a promotional toneUse dmy dates from May 2013Pages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisNorsk bokmål 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 01:11.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











Buy Sopra Steria Digital Transformation - Microsoft Store Hong Kong SAR

































































Try Microsoft Edge
A fast and secure browser that's designed for Windows 10


No thanks
Get started
















Microsoft



Boutique











 No results




0
 items in shopping cart




Sign in








Boutique







































Thank you

                    Thank you for your order. We hope that you’ll come and visit us again soon.
                

Close


















Sopra Steria Digital Transformation

Published by

SOPRA STERIA GROUP




Rated: 0.0 stars out of 5










Price





Free












                    Get the app
                



            Get the app
        



            Get the app
        



            Get the app
        



            Get the app
        

This app does not work on your device.




May require certain hardware. See System Requirements for details.    
 














PEGI 3




































Screenshots


PC


PC


mobile device


 





























Show all


































Show all

















Description



The Sopra Steria Digital Transformation app provides easy access to Sopra Steria latest news, blogs and experts opinion.
Sopra Steria, a European leader in digital transformation, provides one of the most comprehensive portfolios of end-to-end service offerings on the market: consulting, systems integration, software development, infrastructure management and business process services.
Sopra Steria is trusted by leading private and public-sector organisations to deliver successful transformation programmes that address their most complex and critical business challenges. Combining high quality and performance services, added value and innovation, Sopra Steria enables its clients to make the best use of digital technology.
More




Available on


PC



Mobile device



 








People also like






 







SafeNet MobilePASS 

Rating: 3.8/5





            Free
        






 







Company Portal 

Rating: 3.2/5





            Free
        






 







VMware AirWatch® Agent™ 

Rating: 3.4/5





            Free
        






 







Duo Mobile 

Rating: 3.4/5





            Free
        






 







Pass Toolkit 

Rating: 3.9/5





            Free
        






 







Delta App 

Rating: 3.8/5





            Free
        






 







National Rail Enquiries 

Rating: 3.2/5





            Free
        






 







Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Windows 8.1 

Rating: 3.6/5





            Free
        






 







RSA SecurID 

Rating: 3.8/5





            Free
        






 







car2go 

Rating: 4/5





            Free
        



















Version notes
Version number: Varies by device
New developments in this version:
- Adding UK, German and Norwegian blogs
- Adapts to your smartphone / tablet's default language
- Search by categories and keywords
- Customized notification and push 
- Optimised navigation
- Contact email

Have a good reading!









System Requirements






Minimum



OS
Windows 10, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 Mobile, Windows Phone 8.1


Architecture
ARM, x86, x64


Touch
Integrated Touch


Telephony
Integrated Telephony










Recommended



OS
Windows 10, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 Mobile, Windows Phone 8.1


Architecture
ARM, x86, x64


Touch
Integrated Touch


Telephony
Integrated Telephony











Additional info





Published by



SOPRA STERIA GROUP    



More




Approximate download size


8.13 MB – 9.42 MB                

More






Category


Business                

More



Age rating




PEGI 3











This app can



Access your Internet connection    


Access your Internet connection and act as a server.     



More




Installation


Get this app while signed in to your Microsoft account and install on up to ten Windows 10 devices.                

More






Language supported



Français (France)    


English (United States)    


Nederlands (Nederland)    


Norsk, Bokmål (Norge)    



More




Publisher Info




Publisher Website
 



Publisher Support
 



More






Report this app to Microsoft
 


Thanks for reporting your concern. Our team will review it and, if necessary, take action.    



Sign in    to report this app to Microsoft
 









Report this app to Microsoft













Sopra Steria Digital Transformation




                                Report this app to Microsoft
                            


Potential violation


Offensive content


Child exploitation


Malware or virus


Privacy concerns


Misleading app


Poor performance







                                    How you found the violation and any other useful information
                                



                                0/1000
                            




                                    Submit
                                

                                    Cancel
                                






















Ratings and reviews
No one’s rated or reviewed this product yet.
To rate and review this product, go to client store on the device that it’s installed on.




Your review



Rating:/5










































                        Developer comment
                    
                    ·
                     responded on 







Update




Thanks. Your review will be posted soon.




There was an error posting your review. Please try again later.



















Sopra Steria Digital Transformation





                                    Rate this product 
                                


Rate this product


1 star


2 stars


3 stars


4 stars


5 stars




                                    Don't forget to give it a star rating.
                                





                                        Select a platform
                                    


Select a platform


PC


Mobile




                                        Please select a platform
                                    




Write a review (optional)

                                Give it a headline
                            


                                0/55
                            




                                    Tell us what you think
                                



                                0/1000
                            




Microsoft may email you a response from the app provider (but won’t share your email address). Use the link in the email to opt out of future communications.


Submit
Cancel



















	Locations

































































































Go to content
Go to navigation




By continuing to navigate on this website, you accept the use of cookies. For more information and to change the setting of cookies on your computer, please read our Privacy Policy



Search
Search


Submit



Share

Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google +





Sopra Steria

Delivering Transformation. Together.




Home About us Locations






Locations


Awards and recognition


Global delivery


Partners


Sustainability


Innovation


Working with suppliers


Investors










 United Kingdom


Austria
Belgium
Corporate
Denmark
France
Germany
India
Italy
Luxembourg
Norway
Poland
Singapore
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland


Sopra Steria Recruitment
Sopra Banking Software
Sopra HR Software
CIMPA
Sopra Steria






About us


Locations


Awards and recognition


Global delivery


Offshore delivery




Partners


Accreditations and frameworks


Technology partners


Market partners




Sustainability


Community


Environment


Marketplace


Workplace


Gender diversity


Digital inclusion


Sustainability in India




Innovation


DigiLab London




Working with suppliers


Investors




Markets


Aerospace


Central government


Defence


Emergency services


Command and control


Digital Interview Recording


SmartContact




Energy and utilities


Safe Dig




Facilities management


Financial services


A new way to build a bank


Financial Services Cloud solutions


FinTech


Digital transformation


Data and analytics


Divestment and consolidation


Regulation


MiFID II


IFRS 9




Healthcare


Joint ventures


Justice


Local government


Public services in Northern Ireland


Public services in Scotland


Retail


The Retail Alliance




Telco and media


Travel and Transport


Postal & Logistics






Solutions


Application management


Business process services


Shared Services


BPS consultancy


Finance and accounting


Human resources


Procurement


Customer service


Solutions for industry


Solutions for public sector


Lean Process Automation




Banking solutions


Consulting


Digital


Geographic information services


Infrastructure management


Mobility


Product lifecycle management


Scientific, technical, industrial and on-board engineering 


Systems integration


Testing


Testing training






Offerings


Data & Analytics


Biometrics


Fingerprint identification




Business intelligence


Cloud 


Command & Control


Customer centricity 


Finance transformation


G-Cloud Framework


G-Cloud as a service offerings


G-Cloud design and consultancy offerings


G-Cloud Security consultancy offerings


G-Cloud Service management offerings


G-Cloud transition and transformation offerings




Lean Process Automation


midata


Open source


Public Contact Management


Recruitment 


Security services


Service design


Accessibility




Sustainability 


Safe Dig




Careers


Who is Sopra Steria


What's the latest news


Where are we located


Working at Sopra Steria


Community


Gender diversity




Early Careers


Graduate Programme Streams


Placement Programme Streams


Our four stage application process


What do our previous Graduates say?


The answers to your questions




Search our current opportunities


Apprenticeship Programme


Profiles of previous Apprentices






Newsroom


News


Press releases


Publications


Success stories


Events


Videos




Blog





Contact

Contact


Follow us



















Locations

We base ourselves close to our clients,
with offices across the UK









UK HQ and Registered office
Sopra Steria
Three Cherry Trees Lane
Hemel Hempstead
Herts, HP2 7AH
Tel: +44 (0) 370 600 4466 or email us
See a list of all UK locations





			Glasgow
		

			Jul 2, 2013, 08:51 AM
		



			info.uk@soprasteria.com
		

			www.soprasteria.co.uk
		


			Tel:
		

			+44 (0) 141 226 8600
		



			Subtitle:
		





				Is main site ?:
			

				No
			



			Address:
		




					9th floor, The Beacon, 176 St Vincent Street, Glasgow,  United Kingdom
				



Show/Hide map








			localisation:
		



{{Title}}
Remove








Change









France

Spain

Belux

Germany

India

Italy

United Kingdom

Switzerland

Morocco

Middle-East/Africa

Tunisia

Sweden

Austria

Luxembourg 

Netherlands 

Poland

Hong Kong

Singapore

Algeria

Cameroon

Ivory Coast

Gabon

Belgium

Norway

Denmark

Malaysia

China






Done


























See all Sopra Steria locations throughout Europe and Asia
Corporate Telephone Preference Service
Sopra Steria is registered with the Corporate Telephone Preference Service (CTPS) and will not accept unsolicited calls, emails or faxes. Any unsolicited contact will be considered a breach of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and will be formally reported to the appropriate bodies.























Top of page



About us


Markets


Solutions


Offerings


Careers


Newsroom


Blog


* Réussir la transformation. Ensemble.





















Sopra Steria - 首頁 | Facebook




















Facebook電子郵件或電話密碼忘記帳號？首頁關於活動相片影片貼文社群建立粉絲專頁登入 Facebook 即可查看更多 Sopra Steria 的內容傳送訊息給這個粉絲專頁，瞭解近期活動和其他內容。登入或註冊登入 Facebook 即可查看更多 Sopra Steria 的內容傳送訊息給這個粉絲專頁，瞭解近期活動和其他內容。登入或註冊稍後再說社群查看全部45,561 人說這讚45,552 個人正在追蹤關於查看全部HP2 7AH 赫默爾亨普斯特德 Three Cherry Trees Lane+44 370 600 4466www.soprasteria.co.uk資訊技術公司 · 專業服務用戶45,561 個讚更多大家都按讚的專頁Channel 4電視網JN Foundation慈善組織BBC Three媒體／新聞公司專業服務 （位於赫默爾亨普斯特德）此專頁按讚的粉絲專頁Sims Recycling Solutions UKCASTSopra Steria地標赫默爾亨普斯特德專業服務Sopra Steria中文(台灣) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隱私政策 · 使用條款 · 廣告 · Ad Choices · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017相片顯示全部影片Sopra Steria291Steria Hacking Challenge17Sharing your day4查看全部貼文Sopra Steria · 2 小時前 · Applications for our 2017 Project Management Graduate Programme will close tomorrow. If you are interested in a career in Project Management apply now for a November start!Sopra Steria · 昨天 8:24 · Are you, or do you know someone, who's looking for a job where you can 'earn and learn' at the same time? Have you thought about an Apprenticeship? We've got technical and business roles on offer - take a look... https://goo.gl/GBt5QHApprenticeship ProgrammeOpportunities for school or college leavers looking for their first step towards a chosen career as apprenticessoprasteria.co.uk顯示全部貼文Sopra Steria · 8月1日 1:16 · Calling Graduates who have a passion for technologies such as Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, Artificial Intelligence, Voice interfaces and IoT... have we got an exciting opportunity for you! Join our team leading innovation and identifying the key topics which are going to shape our world in the next three to five years. Based in London. Apply online at https://goo.gl/qydk4qGraduate Innovation ConsultantClick the link provided to see the complete job description.steria.taleo.netSopra Steria 新增了 3 張相片。 · 7月24日 1:08 · How did you spend your Friday night? We went Go Karting with our July 2016 Edinburgh grads for their end of programme celebration! This could be you - applications are open for our November intake with roles across the UK.Sopra Steria 新增了 9 張相片。 · 7月20日 4:45 · Wow! How quickly time flies... We can't believe that our July Graduate intake are in week 3 already! They have had a busy few weeks in induction and attending training courses還有 6 張Sopra Steria · 7月10日 13:05 · An inspirational woman doing inspirational work. Gayathri Mohan is showing colleagues in London the great work of the Sopra Steria India Foundation which positively impacts the lives of around 70,000 children every year through education, life coaching skills, health education, clean drinking water and sanitation, solar powered computer suites and vocational training.Sopra Steria · 7月7日 3:19 · At Sopra Steria, we encourage all employees to get involved in community activities and offer everyone one day's paid company time to volunteer. Here's a buzzing blog from Stephen Readman about his day volunteering in support of the Scottish Beekeepers Association at the recent Royal Highland Show. goo.gl/EXaR9sI’m a beekeeper – what’s your super power?On Friday 23rd of June I used my Sopra Steria Volunteering Day to support the Scottish Beekeepers Association (SBA) at the Royal Highland Show. The SBA was setup in 1912 as the national beekeeping …blog.soprasteria.co.ukSopra Steria 分享了 GradJobs 的貼文。 · 7月4日 11:14 · So true!GradJobs · 7月4日 9:10 · We think it's safe to safe that the vast majority of graduates fall into the trap of pretending to be someone else when starting their career because they feel ⋯⋯they're expected to act in a certain way. Remember what you discovered at uni - be yourself! You'll save yourself a lot stress by doing so. #happybeingme 更多The importance of being your authentic self in the workplaceI’ll never forget the assessment day for my first ever internship at an Investment bank in Canary Wharf 3 years ago...gradjobs.co.ukSopra Steria 覺得興奮──在倫敦。 · 7月2日 · The Early Careers team are in London ahead of our July Graduates starting tomorrow! We look forward to seeing you all bright and early tomorrow morning for a fantastic first day!倫敦城市 · 英國43,492,486 個人在這裡打卡Sopra Steria · 6月21日 · We're congratulating an inspirational woman in the tech industry. In 1962 Dame Stephanie “Steve” Shirley founded Freelance Programmers, later known as FI Group, which was focused on creating job opportunities for women. The company was acquired by Xansa - which is now part of the Sopra Steria Group. We were delighted to hear that she was made Companion of Honour in the 2017 Birthday Honours for services to the IT industry and philanthropy. Read more about Dame Stephanie Shirley on her website: http://www.steveshirley.com/Dame Stephanie ShirleyDame Stephanie ShirleyDame Stephanie ShirleyDame Stephanie Shirley查看更多：STEVESHIRLEY.COMSopra Steria · 6月13日 · Shouting out to you if you're about to take your first steps in the world of working. We have opportunities for Apprenticeships in Hemel Hempstead, Birmingham and Cleveland. If you have an interest in photography, software engineering or business administration, take a look... https://goo.gl/PXbXztApprenticeship ProgrammeOpportunities for school or college leavers looking for their first step towards a chosen career as apprenticessoprasteria.co.ukSopra Steria 新增了 2 張相片。 · 6月9日 · At Sopra Steria, we love getting out and about to do some cool, fun stuff at client events... (click on the photos for more information)Sopra Steria 分享了 GradJobs 的貼文。 · 6月8日 · GradJobs · 6月6日 · Ever wondered why you #learn things in a different manner to most of your friends? Read on to find out more on the seven different styles of #learning....The seven ways of learning - GradjobsThe seven ways of learning - Gradjobs articlegradjobs.co.ukSopra Steria · 6月2日 · We're in it for the long term! We've been delivering IT Services to Tesco for more than 30 years, supporting and developing crucial IT services including distribution, stock replenishment, product, pricing and payroll systems. https://goo.gl/wrl3eBPress ReleaseSopra Steria has today announced a renewal of its contract with leading global retailer Tesco. Sopra Steria will continue its support and development of the retail giant's crucial IT services, including distribution, stock replenishment, product, pricing and payroll systems.soprasteria.co.ukSopra Steria · 6月1日 · Do you like photography? We've got an Apprentice opportunity based at our Police client location in Stockton-on-Tees which includes photographic and printing work. Applications open until 3 July 2017. https://goo.gl/qxHNrhSopra Steria · 5月31日 · Sopra Steria is delighted to sponsor the inaugural #DigiInventorsChallenge in association with Andy Murray and the Digital Health and Care Institute. The final shortlist is announced, in association with @DigiInventors and @Andy_Murray. Best of luck to all taking part.  There’s been an incredibly high standard of entries, and we’re excited to see who will progress to the entrepreneurial masterclasses this autumn. https://goo.gl/SHr45P查看更多




	Sopra Steria, a European leader in digital transformation






































































Aller au contenu
Aller à la navigation




By continuing to navigate on this website, you accept the use of cookies. For more information and to change the setting of cookies on your computer, please read our Privacy Policy



Search
Search


Submit



Share

Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google +





Sopra Steria

Delivering Transformation. Together.




Home






Group


Markets


Solutions


Offerings


Investors


Careers


Media










 France


Austria
Belgium
Corporate
Denmark
Germany
India
Italy
Luxembourg
Norway
Poland
Singapore
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom


Sopra Banking Software
Sopra HR Software
CIMPA






English


français







Group


Sopra Steria at a glance


History 


Key Figures


Innovation 


Locations


Corporate Responsibility


Economic Responsibility


 Social Responsibility


Environmental Responsibility


Community Responsibility




Strategic partnerships




Markets


Aerospace


Insurance and social


Banking


Defence


Homeland Security


Public Sector and Healthcare


Telecommunications, media and entertainment


Transport


Retail


Energy utilities




Solutions


Consulting


IT Excellence


HR Excellence


Customer Excellence




Systems integration


Scientific, Technical, Industrial and Embedded Software Engineering


Applications Management


Testing


PLM-CIMPA


Infrastructure Management


Business Process Services


Software


Sopra Banking Software Offering


Sopra HR Software 


Real Estate Software






Offerings


Social Business


Mobility


Big Data


Internet of Things


Smart Cities


Cloud


Cybersecurity


Enhancing the value of IT Assets


Enterprise architecture


Collaborative & Information Management


Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)


Banking Solutions


Human Resource Solutions


Property Management Solutions


PLM-CIMPA




Investors


Governance


Corporate Governance


Board of Directors


Compensation of executive company officers


Sopra Steria Group Bylaws 


Internal Rules and Regulations 




Sopra Steria Share


Stock information


share Disclosure




Financial Publications & Reports


Results & Presentations


Financial press releases


Financial reports




Financing & Other Documents


Financing


Merger Sopra Steria Group


Axway listing




Investors Relations / Shareholders


Financial Calendar


Shareholders' Meetings


Dividend


Analyst coverage


Shareholders




Regulated Information


Sopra Steria Overview


History


Share Capital Breakdown


Key Figures


Account download center


Corporate Responsibility






Careers



Media


Press Releases


Events


Publications


Success Stories


Blog


A successful digital transformation project 








Warning Alert
    Scam / identity theft




ContactContact


Follow us





























Discover our know-how in Artifical Intelligence in video
           
           		 >>                                                            
            







28.07.2017

Half-year results 2017



27.06.2017
Dassault Aviation selects Sopra Steria and CIMPA to implement its new Rafale Maintenance Management System















               Sopra Steria Group Corporate Responsibility Engagements ! 
            
Play






 Registration Document 2016
 
PDF
Interactive











The Jewellery Editor : “With Sopra Steria by our side, we are confident we can keep ahead of the curve and lead the way”.
read more
 




blog.soprasteria.com
 






















Find out what we do to create the best possible environment when you join a European leader in digital transformation
       
                    Read more                    	                            
            





 Consulting Anticipation and support are the keys to a successful corporate transformation project.




  Sopra Steria Software Specialised expertise from needs to Solution 




People
 
40.000
 
Locations 
+20 countries


























Sopra Steria: committed to a more sustainable world
           
           		 Read more                                                            
            
















Top of page



Sitemap


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


© Sopra Steria 2017


* Réussir la transformation. Ensemble.









































Sopra Steria Group (SOP) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review

















































































ABOUT US
BLOG
CONTACT US
FAQ























USD
EUR
GBP



USD 
▼

USD
EUR
GBP






€
EUR
$
USD
£
GBP







+353-1-416-8900REST OF WORLD



1-800-526-8630U.S. (TOLL FREE)








 




Advanced








Price From: 
€109EUR$125USD£98GBP 
View Pricing






 Home
/






Categories
/






Company Reports











 
SELECT A FORMAT








€109EUR$125USD£98GBP



                                                        Single User
                                                         Electronic (PDF)






                                                                            
                                                                            This is a single user license, allowing one specific user access to the product. The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 

                                                










€219EUR$250USD£196GBP



                                                        Site License
                                                         Electronic (PDF)






                                                                            
                                                                            This is a site license, allowing all users within a given geographical location of your organisation access to the product. The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 

                                                










€328EUR$375USD£294GBP



                                                        Enterprisewide
                                                         Electronic (PDF)






                                                                            
                                                                            This is an enterprise license, allowing all employees within your organisation access to the product. The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 

                                                







  ADD TO BASKET




                                                                        order by fax
                                        

                                            need a quote ?
                                        



 

OUR CLIENTS












HAVE A QUESTION?
EMAIL US
VIEW FAQs



RECENTLY VIEWED PRODUCTS











Partner of Research and MarketsVACCINATING 40,000 CHILDREN IN 2017





WHY CHOOSE RESEARCH AND MARKETS?



WORLD'S LARGEST SELECTION




TRUSTED BY THE BEST




CUSTOMER FOCUSED




SAFE & SECURE







The service from your team is great and very helpful.

Ms Uschi Janssen
Finance and Controlling
Yazaki Europe Ltd















Sopra Steria Group (SOP) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review



ID: 3492660
SWOT Analysis
July 2017
34 pages

GlobalData                                











DESCRIPTION


TABLE OF CONTENTS


SAMPLES



                                                                COMPANIES MENTIONED
                                                            


FORMATS / FAQ







1 of 5








FEATURED COMPANIES

Bull S.A
Cap Gemini S.A.
GFI Informatique
Infosys FRANCE
OVH SAS
Wipro Technologies Ltd.

 MORE





                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






                                                                                    Sopra Steria Group (SOP) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review provides you an in-depth strategic SWOT analysis of the company’s businesses and operations. The profile has been compiled to bring to you a clear and an unbiased view of the company’s key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats. The profile helps you formulate strategies that augment your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.The profile contains critical company information including:Business description - A detailed description of the company’s operations and business divisions.Corporate strategy - Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy.SWOT Analysis - A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.Company history - Progression of key events associated with the company.Major products and services - A list of major products, services and brands of the company.Key competitors - A list of key competitors to the company.Key employees - A list of the key executives of the company.Executive biographies - A brief summary of the executives’ employment history.Key operational heads - A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.Important locations and subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key locations and subsidiaries of the company.Detailed financial ratios for the past five years - The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company with 5 years history.Interim ratios for the last five interim periods - The latest financial ratios derived from the quarterly/semi-annual financial statements published by the company for 5 interims history.HighlightsSopra Steria Group (Sopra Steria), formerly Sopra Group S.A., is one of the leading providers of digital transformation solutions. It offers a comprehensive range of end-to-end service offerings including consulting, systems integration, business and technology solutions, infrastructure management, managed services, cybersecurity and business process services. The company offers these solutions to banking and finance, defense, energy utilities, telecommunication, media and entertainment, insurance, aerospace, retail, homeland security, healthcare, transport and public sectors. Its geographical operations span across various countries worldwide including France, the Benelux countries, Germany, India, Ireland, Spain, Portugal, Italy, the UK and Switzerland. Sopra Steria is headquartered in Paris, France.Key benefits of buying this profile include:You get detailed information about the company and its operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.The profile analyzes the company’s business structure, operations, major products and services, prospects, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and their biographies and key competitors.Understand and respond to your competitors’ business structure and strategies, and capitalize on their weaknesses. Stay up to date on the major developments affecting the company.The company’s core strengths and weaknesses and areas of development or decline are analyzed and presented in the profile objectively. Recent developments in the company covered in the profile help you track important events.Equip yourself with information that enables you to sharpen your strategies and transform your operations profitably.Opportunities that the company can explore and exploit are sized up and its growth potential assessed in the profile. Competitive and/or technological threats are highlighted.Scout for potential investments and acquisition targets, with detailed insight into the companies’ strategic, financial and operational performance.Financial ratio presented for major public companies in the profile include the revenue trends, profitability, growth, margins and returns, liquidity and leverage, financial position and efficiency ratios.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research.Key elements such as SWOT analysis, corporate strategy and financial ratios and charts are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.Note: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company
                                                                                

 SHOW LESS
                                                                                

 READ MORE
                                                                                



Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




2 of 5




FEATURED COMPANIES

Bull S.A
Cap Gemini S.A.
GFI Informatique
Infosys FRANCE
OVH SAS
Wipro Technologies Ltd.

 MORE





                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






Section 1 - About the CompanySopra Steria Group - Key FactsSopra Steria Group - Key EmployeesSopra Steria Group - Key Employee BiographiesSopra Steria Group - Major Products and ServicesSopra Steria Group - HistorySopra Steria Group - Company StatementSopra Steria Group - Locations And SubsidiariesHead OfficeOther Locations & Subsidiaries Section 2 - Company AnalysisSopra Steria Group - Business DescriptionSopra Steria Group - Corporate StrategySopra Steria Group - SWOT AnalysisSWOT Analysis - OverviewSopra Steria Group - StrengthsSopra Steria Group - WeaknessesSopra Steria Group - OpportunitiesSopra Steria Group - ThreatsSopra Steria Group - Key Competitors Section 3 - Company Financial RatiosFinancial Ratios - Capital Market RatiosFinancial Ratios - Annual RatiosPerformance ChartFinancial PerformanceFinancial Ratios - Interim RatiosFinancial Ratios - Ratio Charts Section 4 - AppendixMethodologyRatio DefinitionsAboutContactDisclaimer List of TablesSopra Steria Group, Key FactsSopra Steria Group, Key EmployeesSopra Steria Group, Key Employee BiographiesSopra Steria Group, Major Products and ServicesSopra Steria Group, HistorySopra Steria Group, Other LocationsSopra Steria Group, SubsidiariesSopra Steria Group, Key CompetitorsSopra Steria Group, Ratios based on current share priceSopra Steria Group, Annual RatiosSopra Steria Group, Annual Ratios (Cont...1)Sopra Steria Group, Annual Ratios (Cont...2)Sopra Steria Group, Interim RatiosCurrency CodesCapital Market RatiosEquity RatiosProfitability RatiosCost RatiosLiquidity RatiosLeverage RatiosEfficiency Ratios List of FiguresSopra Steria Group, Performance Chart (2012 - 2016)Sopra Steria Group, Ratio Charts
                                                                
Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




3 of 5





LOADING...







4 of 5







                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






Wipro Technologies Ltd.Tata Consultancy Services LimitedOVH SASInfosys FRANCEGFI InformatiqueCap Gemini S.A.Bull S.A

Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




5 of 5






Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown








RELATED PRODUCTS 







Sopra Steria Group - Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A), Partnerships & Alliances and Investment Report


 Mergers and Acquisitions Profiles
June 2016




FROM


€306EUR$350USD£274GBP







Sopra Group S.A. (SOP) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


 SWOT Analysis
April 2014




FROM


€109EUR$125USD£98GBP







Sopra Steria Group


 Company Profile
68 Pages
July 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP







Groupe Steria SCA - Strategy and SWOT Report


 SWOT Analysis
August 2014




FROM


€153EUR$175USD£137GBP







Sopra Group - Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A), Partnerships & Alliances and Investment Report


 Mergers and Acquisitions Profiles
May 2015




FROM


€306EUR$350USD£274GBP







Sopra Acquisition Manual


 Mergers and Acquisitions Profiles
August 2017






€22036EUR$25,202USD£19,744GBP







Groupe Steria Acquisition Manual


 Mergers and Acquisitions Profiles
August 2017






€22036EUR$25,202USD£19,744GBP







Asidua Limited: Technology - Company Profile and SWOT Analysis


 Company Profile
January 2016




FROM


€109EUR$125USD£98GBP







Bechtle AG


 Company Profile
68 Pages
July 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP







United Internet AG


 Company Profile
68 Pages
July 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP








 close

Sopra Steria Group (SOP) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review



 close

ASK A QUESTION

*Required Information
 
Product: Sopra Steria Group (SOP) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


YOUR QUESTION*







YOUR CONTACT DETAILS*

Title
Mr
Mrs
Dr
Miss
Ms
Prof




First Name




Last Name




Email Address




Country
Please Select
------------------------------
United States
United Kingdom
Germany
Canada
Australia
------------------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica-Casey
Antarctica-Scott
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Atlantic East
Atlantic West
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaco 
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte Islands
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Islands
North Korea
Northern Ireland
Northern Marianas
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Christopher Nevis
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis And Futuna
West Bank
West Indies
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Phone Number



+1
+11
+1-242
+1-246
+1-264
+1-268
+1-284
+1-345
+1-441
+1-473
+1-649
+1-664
+1-670
+1-671
+1-684
+1-758
+1-767
+1-784
+1-787
+1-809
+1-868
+1-869
+1-876
+20
+212
+213
+216
+218
+220
+221
+222
+224
+225
+226
+227
+228
+229
+23
+230
+231
+232
+233
+234
+235
+236
+237
+238
+239
+240
+241
+242
+243
+244
+245
+247
+248
+249
+250
+251
+252
+253
+254
+255
+256
+257
+258
+260
+261
+263
+264
+265
+266
+267
+268
+269
+27
+284
+290
+291
+297
+298
+299
+30
+31
+32
+33
+34
+350
+351
+352
+353
+354
+355
+356
+357
+358
+359
+36
+370
+371
+372
+373
+374
+375
+376
+377
+378
+379
+380
+381
+382
+385
+386
+387
+389
+39
+40
+41
+420
+421
+423
+43
+44
+45
+46
+47
+48
+49
+500
+501
+502
+503
+504
+505
+506
+507
+509
+51
+52
+53
+54
+55
+56
+57
+58
+590
+591
+592
+593
+594
+595
+596
+597
+598
+599
+60
+61
+6101
+62
+63
+64
+65
+66
+670
+672
+673
+674
+675
+677
+678
+679
+680
+681
+682
+683
+685
+686
+687
+688
+689
+691
+692
+7
+81
+82
+84
+850
+852
+853
+855
+856
+86
+869
+871
+874
+880
+886
+90
+91
+92
+93
+94
+95
+960
+961
+962
+963
+964
+965
+966
+967
+968
+970
+971
+972
+973
+974
+975
+976
+977
+98
+992
+993
+994
+995
+996
+998












We request your telephone number so we can contact you in the event we have difficulty reaching you via email.
                    We aim to respond to all questions on the same business day.





 



 close

SEND TO A FRIEND

* Required Information
 FRIEND'S DETAILS

Full Name*




Email Address*




Message to friend




YOUR CONTACT DETAILS

Full Name*




Email Address*













 


 close

Request a Quote

 
Please complete the below form and click "send request" to obtain a pdf quotation and order form.
This document will be available for immediate download and will also be emailed to you.
            
* Required Information


YOUR ADDRESS

Address 1*




Address 2




Address 3




City*




Postal/ZIP Code




Country*
Please Select
------------------------------
United States
United Kingdom
Germany
Canada
Australia
------------------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica-Casey
Antarctica-Scott
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Atlantic East
Atlantic West
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaco 
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte Islands
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Islands
North Korea
Northern Ireland
Northern Marianas
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Christopher Nevis
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis And Futuna
West Bank
West Indies
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State





YOUR DETAILS

Title*
Mr
Mrs
Dr
Miss
Ms
Prof




First Name*




Last Name*




Organisation*




Email Address*




Phone Number*



+1
+11
+1-242
+1-246
+1-264
+1-268
+1-284
+1-345
+1-441
+1-473
+1-649
+1-664
+1-670
+1-671
+1-684
+1-758
+1-767
+1-784
+1-787
+1-809
+1-868
+1-869
+1-876
+20
+212
+213
+216
+218
+220
+221
+222
+224
+225
+226
+227
+228
+229
+23
+230
+231
+232
+233
+234
+235
+236
+237
+238
+239
+240
+241
+242
+243
+244
+245
+247
+248
+249
+250
+251
+252
+253
+254
+255
+256
+257
+258
+260
+261
+263
+264
+265
+266
+267
+268
+269
+27
+284
+290
+291
+297
+298
+299
+30
+31
+32
+33
+34
+350
+351
+352
+353
+354
+355
+356
+357
+358
+359
+36
+370
+371
+372
+373
+374
+375
+376
+377
+378
+379
+380
+381
+382
+385
+386
+387
+389
+39
+40
+41
+420
+421
+423
+43
+44
+45
+46
+47
+48
+49
+500
+501
+502
+503
+504
+505
+506
+507
+509
+51
+52
+53
+54
+55
+56
+57
+58
+590
+591
+592
+593
+594
+595
+596
+597
+598
+599
+60
+61
+6101
+62
+63
+64
+65
+66
+670
+672
+673
+674
+675
+677
+678
+679
+680
+681
+682
+683
+685
+686
+687
+688
+689
+691
+692
+7
+81
+82
+84
+850
+852
+853
+855
+856
+86
+869
+871
+874
+880
+886
+90
+91
+92
+93
+94
+95
+960
+961
+962
+963
+964
+965
+966
+967
+968
+970
+971
+972
+973
+974
+975
+976
+977
+98
+992
+993
+994
+995
+996
+998











                                PO Number
                                (if applicable)







PRODUCT FORMAT




License
Format
Properties
Price




 
SINGLE USER Electronic (PDF)                                                



                                            The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 
                                        

                                            This is a single user license, allowing one specific user access to the product.
                                        

€109EUR$125USD£98GBP





 
SITE LICENSE Electronic (PDF)                                                



                                            The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 
                                        

                                            This is a site license, allowing all users within a given geographical location of your organisation access to the product.
                                        

€219EUR$250USD£196GBP





 
ENTERPRISEWIDE Electronic (PDF)                                                



                                            The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 
                                        

                                            This is an enterprise license, allowing all employees within your organisation access to the product.
                                        

€328EUR$375USD£294GBP







* The price quoted above is only valid for 30 days. Please submit your order within that time frame to avail of this price as all prices are subject to change.





 
























	History | Sopra Steria


































































Aller au contenu
Aller à la navigation




By continuing to navigate on this website, you accept the use of cookies. For more information and to change the setting of cookies on your computer, please read our Privacy Policy



Search
Search


Submit



Share

Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google +





Sopra Steria

Delivering Transformation. Together.




Home Group History 






Sopra Steria at a glance


History 


Key Figures


Innovation 


Locations


Corporate Responsibility


Strategic partnerships










 France


Austria
Belgium
Corporate
Denmark
Germany
India
Italy
Luxembourg
Norway
Poland
Singapore
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom


Sopra Banking Software
Sopra HR Software
CIMPA






English


français







Group


Sopra Steria at a glance


History 


Key Figures


Innovation 


Locations


Corporate Responsibility


Economic Responsibility


 Social Responsibility


Environmental Responsibility


Community Responsibility




Strategic partnerships




Markets


Aerospace


Insurance and social


Banking


Defence


Homeland Security


Public Sector and Healthcare


Telecommunications, media and entertainment


Transport


Retail


Energy utilities




Solutions


Consulting


IT Excellence


HR Excellence


Customer Excellence




Systems integration


Scientific, Technical, Industrial and Embedded Software Engineering


Applications Management


Testing


PLM-CIMPA


Infrastructure Management


Business Process Services


Software


Sopra Banking Software Offering


Sopra HR Software 


Real Estate Software






Offerings


Social Business


Mobility


Big Data


Internet of Things


Smart Cities


Cloud


Cybersecurity


Enhancing the value of IT Assets


Enterprise architecture


Collaborative & Information Management


Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)


Banking Solutions


Human Resource Solutions


Property Management Solutions


PLM-CIMPA




Investors


Governance


Corporate Governance


Board of Directors


Compensation of executive company officers


Sopra Steria Group Bylaws 


Internal Rules and Regulations 




Sopra Steria Share


Stock information


share Disclosure




Financial Publications & Reports


Results & Presentations


Financial press releases


Financial reports




Financing & Other Documents


Financing


Merger Sopra Steria Group


Axway listing




Investors Relations / Shareholders


Financial Calendar


Shareholders' Meetings


Dividend


Analyst coverage


Shareholders




Regulated Information


Sopra Steria Overview


History


Share Capital Breakdown


Key Figures


Account download center


Corporate Responsibility






Careers



Media


Press Releases


Events


Publications


Success Stories


Blog


A successful digital transformation project 








Warning Alert
    Scam / identity theft




ContactContact


Follow us




















History

A Performance-Enhancing Corporate Plan






















Sopra Steria was born from the merger in 2014 of two of France’s oldest digital services companies, Sopra and Steria, founded respectively in 1968 and 1969 and both characterised by a strong entrepreneurial spirit as well as a firm collective commitment to serving their clients.
 Sopra Steria has reinforced its position as a European leader in digital transformation. 






2014-2017
A NEW DIMENSION
AND STEPPING UP PERFORMANCE 

 
 



2014-2017


A NEW DIMENSION AND STEPPING UP PERFORMANCE 
Due to the changes resulting from digital transformation, businessrelated issues are becoming increasingly significant within the digital services market. In this context, a friendly tie-up between Sopra and Steria makes perfect sense, and on 31 December 2014, a new European leader in digital transformation is created : Sopra Steria. 
The two groups perfectly complement each other in terms of business activities, strategic vertical markets and geographic segments, and their business cultures are closely aligned. In the first few months of 2015, the integration plan jointly designed by Sopra and Steria teams is successfully rolled out in the operational and functional departments of the new Group. At the same time, the Sopra Steria 2020 Project is launched in order to improve performance in all areas and increase added value. By capitalising on an end-to-end offering delivered to major clients using a vertical approach, the project supports initiatives within the area of digital technology and puts the emphasis on advisory services and the development of software solutions, by means of organic growth and acquisitions. 
In 2016, the Group launches New Way, a three-year programme aiming to unite all employees around a single culture and shared fundamental values. The We Share employee shareholding plan makes employees even more involved in the Group’s expansion. With around 8% of share capital held by its employees, Sopra Steria is France’s leading digital services company in terms of employee shareholders. 
To support the Sopra Steria 2020 Project, strategic investments continue in services, consulting and the development of business- specific solutions. The acquisition of CIMPA in October 2015 boosts the Group’s presence in the PLM (product lifecycle management) market. Finalised in January 2017, the merger with software publisher Cassiopae strengthens Sopra Banking Software’s position in managing specialised financing. Sopra Steria provides end-to-end solutions to address the core business needs of large companies and organisations, helping them remain competitive and grow. Combining expert business knowledge and added value with innovative high-performance services, the company excels in guiding its clients through transformation projects to help them make the most of digital technology



1985-2000
AN ERA OF REBUILDING

 
 



1985-2000


AN ERA OF REBUILDING
After two decades of strong momentum, the IT services market enters a maturity phase and faces its first tests. In 1985, Sopra rethinks its fundamentals. A model combining two complementary businesses emerges, and the company focuses on systems integration and software development. The Group places financial performance at the heart of its strategy to ensure its long-term independence and prepare for its initial public offering, which takes place in 1990. Steria also reorganises its functional structure. By rationalising and industrialising processes, it gets back on track winning major deals. Everything is ready for the company to plan its initial public offering in 1999.










2000-2014
CONTRIBUTING 
TO CLIENTS' DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION

 
 



2000-2014


CONTRIBUTING TO CLIENTS' DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION
In 2001, the Internet bubble bursts, accelerating market changes. Clients are looking for global players capable of assisting them in transforming their businesses. Steria responds to these challenges by making major, structural acquisitions. The Group doubles in size by integrating Bull’s European businesses in 2001, and boosts its consulting offering with the acquisition of German firm Mummert Consulting in 2005. Xansa, a British group specialising in BPO (Business Process Outsourcing), joins the Steria fold in 2007. In 2013, Steria signs one of the biggest contracts in its history with the UK government, strengthening its foothold in the public sector.
Sopra combines internal and external growth to consolidate its European expansion and its areas of expertise: consulting, systems integration and solutions development. Axway, a subsidiary formed by bringing together the Group’s software infrastructure divisions, is floated in 2011 to let it pursue its growth independently and set out to conquer the US market. Sopra is recognised for its expertise in financial services, leading to the creation of Sopra Banking Software in 2012. In 2014, dedicated human resources solutions are brought together in a single subsidiary, Sopra HR Software.






1968-1985
MEETING THE NEEDS
OF AN INCREASINGLY DIGITAL SOCIETY 

 
 



1968-1985


MEETING THE NEEDS OF AN INCREASINGLY DIGITAL SOCIETY 
The emerging IT services industry is in step with the demands of an increasingly modern society. Sopra and Steria set ambitious growth targets to achieve critical mass as quickly as possible, and to meet the needs of major clients with innovative products and services. Sopra invests in software development and opens up new vertical markets. Meanwhile, Steria signs a series of major contracts from the public sector



















Registration Document 2016PDF 4,490KO

















Top of page



Sitemap


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


© Sopra Steria 2017


* Réussir la transformation. Ensemble.






















	Sopra Steria, digital transformation and services partner of choice

























































































Go to content
Go to navigation




By continuing to navigate on this website, you accept the use of cookies. For more information and to change the setting of cookies on your computer, please read our Privacy Policy



Search
Search


Submit



Share

Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google +





Sopra Steria

Delivering Transformation. Together.




Home






About us


Markets


Solutions


Offerings


Careers


Newsroom


Blog










 United Kingdom


Austria
Belgium
Corporate
Denmark
France
Germany
India
Italy
Luxembourg
Norway
Poland
Singapore
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland


Sopra Steria Recruitment
Sopra Banking Software
Sopra HR Software
CIMPA
Sopra Steria






About us


Locations


Awards and recognition


Global delivery


Offshore delivery




Partners


Accreditations and frameworks


Technology partners


Market partners




Sustainability


Community


Environment


Marketplace


Workplace


Gender diversity


Digital inclusion


Sustainability in India




Innovation


DigiLab London




Working with suppliers


Investors




Markets


Aerospace


Central government


Defence


Emergency services


Command and control


Digital Interview Recording


SmartContact




Energy and utilities


Safe Dig




Facilities management


Financial services


A new way to build a bank


Financial Services Cloud solutions


FinTech


Digital transformation


Data and analytics


Divestment and consolidation


Regulation


MiFID II


IFRS 9




Healthcare


Joint ventures


Justice


Local government


Public services in Northern Ireland


Public services in Scotland


Retail


The Retail Alliance




Telco and media


Travel and Transport


Postal & Logistics






Solutions


Application management


Business process services


Shared Services


BPS consultancy


Finance and accounting


Human resources


Procurement


Customer service


Solutions for industry


Solutions for public sector


Lean Process Automation




Banking solutions


Consulting


Digital


Geographic information services


Infrastructure management


Mobility


Product lifecycle management


Scientific, technical, industrial and on-board engineering 


Systems integration


Testing


Testing training






Offerings


Data & Analytics


Biometrics


Fingerprint identification




Business intelligence


Cloud 


Command & Control


Customer centricity 


Finance transformation


G-Cloud Framework


G-Cloud as a service offerings


G-Cloud design and consultancy offerings


G-Cloud Security consultancy offerings


G-Cloud Service management offerings


G-Cloud transition and transformation offerings




Lean Process Automation


midata


Open source


Public Contact Management


Recruitment 


Security services


Service design


Accessibility




Sustainability 


Safe Dig




Careers


Who is Sopra Steria


What's the latest news


Where are we located


Working at Sopra Steria


Community


Gender diversity




Early Careers


Graduate Programme Streams


Placement Programme Streams


Our four stage application process


What do our previous Graduates say?


The answers to your questions




Search our current opportunities


Apprenticeship Programme


Profiles of previous Apprentices






Newsroom


News


Press releases


Publications


Success stories


Events


Videos




Blog





Contact

Contact


Follow us
















Sopra Steria, Delivering Transformation. Together. 











What is the reality of delivering digital services in government?
           
           		 Our Government Digital Trends Survey 2015-2017 reveals the enablers and barriers to change across Whitehall and beyond                                                            
            





News


28.07.2017
In the first half of 2017, Sopra Steria strengthened its growth strategy in digital and performed in line with its full-year targets


26.06.2017
Sopra Steria announces plans to acquire Kentor, a Swedish company specialising in Consulting and Systems Integration










		Categories
	


Homepage Newsroom


Homepage




{{Title}}
Remove








Change









Domain


Insurance

Bank

Retail

Manufacturing

Public sector

Services, Transports & Utilities

Telecoms

Services Financier

Central Government

Security

Police

Criminal Justice

Defence

Santé

Aérospace

Energie et industrie

Service et distribution


Visibility


Homepage

Homepage Finance

Page Solutions RH

Homepage MH

Homepage 2 (Sopra Consulting)

Homepage Market

Homepage Solutions

Homepage Offerings

Homepage Careers

Homepage Newsroom

visibility branchen

events live

visibility digitale excellence

actualites publications


Type


Finance

Corporate

Sopra Consulting


Blog

Corporate

News


Press release

Article

Market Insights

News

eBook

Publication


Events

Sections


Section 1

Section 2

Section 3


Career

Kurs


Lynkurs







Done












 04.09.2017
Sopra Steria exhibiting at Police Superintendents' Conference




		Categories
	


Homepage


Homepage Newsroom


Public sector




{{Title}}
Remove








Change









Domain


Insurance

Bank

Retail

Manufacturing

Public sector

Services, Transports & Utilities

Telecoms

Services Financier

Central Government

Security

Police

Criminal Justice

Defence

Santé

Aérospace

Energie et industrie

Service et distribution


Visibility


Homepage

Homepage Finance

Page Solutions RH

Homepage MH

Homepage 2 (Sopra Consulting)

Homepage Market

Homepage Solutions

Homepage Offerings

Homepage Careers

Homepage Newsroom

visibility branchen

events live

visibility digitale excellence

actualites publications


Type


Finance

Corporate

Sopra Consulting


Blog

Corporate

News


Press release

Article

Market Insights

News

eBook

Publication


Events

Sections


Section 1

Section 2

Section 3


Career

Kurs


Lynkurs







Done












 06.10.2017
Sopra Steria sponsors Byte Night Northern Ireland 









Cyber Security Services that support innovation and enables competitive advantagePDF









Follow us on Twitter





We help our clients make the best use of IT for the benefit of their customers

Sopra Steria is trusted by public and private organisations to deliver successful transformation programmes that address their most complex and critical business challenges





Delivering innovation for UK Policing
Produced for the 2017 Police Federation Conference this Sopra Steria programme illustrates how forces are having to work smarter and collaborate to cope with demand






















  Helping organisations across the private and public sectors to get the most out of digital
       
                    Learn more about Digital                    	                            
            





Client stories
Discover why Sopra Steria is trusted by leading private and public organisations to deliver successful transformation programmes that address their most complex and critical business challenges




Do you love a challenge, have a thirst for knowledge and a desire to be one of the best?
Then you'd enjoy working for us! Why not search our current career opportunities





Public Sector Twitter









Intelligent business transformation. Succeed with digital fast, with flexibility, at scalePDF








Why not visit our blog?
Sopra Steria UK Blog





6,500
...the number of people in the UK who work for Sopra Steria. Find out more about us...






















Don’t miss what our business and technical experts have to say
           
           		 Join the conversation on our blog                                                            
            
















Top of page



Sitemap


Terms of use


Privacy policy


Modern Slavery Statement


* Réussir la transformation. Ensemble.





























SOP - price quote and stock analysis for Sopra Steria Group, charts and rule 1

















































Sopra Steria Group FR:SOP (PARIS)
Alternative ID: FR0000050809



×
Add to Watch List




 Watch List







 Home
/

Stock Analysis /
Sopra Steria Group
 
 
contact us






×
 Need an investment idea? 
            Check out Popular Stocks and S2O Stock Screener.





                Tutorials 


                General 



Exchange: PARIS
Sector: Technology
Industry: Information Technology Services
Market Cap: Mid (2.88B)
Data in EUR



                Fin Statements 



EPS: 7.49
Current PE: 19.13
BVPS: 49.03
Price/BVPS: 2.92
Dividend: 2.20 / 1.2%



                Annual Statements 


                Annual Statements Charts 


                Quarterly Statements 


                Growth & Ratios 



Hist Grade: B (82.36)
YOY Grade: D (35.94)
Debt/FCF: 2.23
ROIC: 8.7%
Beta: 0.75
PEG: 0.88
PEGY: 0.84



                Value Price 



Value Price: 133.65
MOS Price: 66.82
MOS %: -6.7%
Graham Number: 90.90
Graham MOS %: -36.5%
IRT: 9.30



                Price Chart 









Market Price

143.25 

                1.20  0.8%
            
as of Aug 03 '17 11:36


52 Week Range:

88.60 150.45






Stock Analyzer Tutorials


General Info
type: video (mp4); length: 3:30
Demonstrates how to use Stock Analyzer, shows how to analyze a stock and explains in detail "General Info" section of the Stock Analyzer result page.



Financial Statements
type: video (mp4); length: 5:10
Explains information presented in the Financial Statements section of the S2O Stock Analyzer: financial statements charts, absolute values and growth rates.



Growth Grade and Financial Ratios
type: video (mp4); length: 5:09
Demonstrates how to use Growth Grade & Financial Ratios section; shows the difference between historical and year-over-year Growth Grade on the real life example.



Value Price
type: video (mp4); length: 6:03
Demonstrates how to use Value Price (intrinsic value) and the Graham Number, MOS (margin of safety) and IRT - Investment Recovery Time; explains 3 different projection models used to compute value price - pessimistic, moderate and optimistic.



Price Charts
type: video (mp4); length: 8:34
Demonstrates basic rules of how to read a candlestick chart, long and short term moving averages, stochastic, MACD and relative strength (RS) charts. Explains how bull or bear market condition is computed.



General Info



Exchange: PARIS
Sector: Technology
Industry: Information Technology Services
Market Cap: Mid (2.88B)
Inst. Ownership: 150.4M
Insider Ownership: 2018-12-31
Full Time Employees: 38420


Yahoo profile
Google profile


Sopra Steria Group, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the consulting, systems integration, software development, infrastructure management, and business process service businesses primarily in France and internationally. Its consulting services include information technology, human resources, and customer excellence transformation consulting services. The company also offers controlled information system integration solutions that include designing and deploying solutions; and scientific, technical, industrial, and embedded software engineering solutions, which provide software products, real-time systems, and on-board and supervision software. In addition, it provides application management services, such as proximity, agility, commitment, service quality, pay per use, delivery, industrialization, and business expertise; product lifecycle management services; software testing and quality assurance consisting of consulting, transformation, and managed services; infrastructure management services; business process services; and software services comprising banking and finance, human resource, and property management application solutions. The company serves aerospace, insurance and social protection, banking, defense, homeland security, healthcare, transport, retail, energy utilities, and public sectors, as well as telecommunications, media, and entertainment industries. Sopra Steria Group was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Paris, France.


Website
News on Google
News on Yahoo





Financial Statements
The charts below show selected Annual and Quarterly Financial Data.
The purpose of these charts is to discover long and short term change dynamics. When numbers are growing year after year in the annual statements chart, the business become stronger and stronger and this is a good sign.
Quarterly Data Chart can be used to do a short term analysis. It makes sense to pay attention to the quarterly dynamics and do not wait for the next yearly statement. We should be alerted if we see that quarterly numbers are going down.
You can check "Annual Financial Statements" and "Quarterly Financial Statements" sections for exact numbers and growth rates. 









Annual Statements




        On a charts below the Line shows absolute values and the Bar chart shows Year-Over-Year Growth Rate for selected financial statement item.
        A consistent GROWTH is generally considered necessary to fund future growth from within a business.
        
NOTE: Growth Rate is not provided if either the latest period or the year-ago period contains a net loss.
        (source: WSJ Digest of Earnings)
        
 TIP! move your mouse pointer over bar or a circle on any chart below to see details.




Financial Statements



Income Statement

Total Revenue
Gross Profit
Operation Income
Income Before Tax
Income After Tax
Net Income
EPS
R & D
Average PE









 



Cash Flow Statement

Cash From Operating
Capital Expenditures
Cash Dividends
Free Cash Flow
FCF per Share
Sale of Stock









 



Balance Sheet

Accounts Receivable
Accounts Payable
Inventory
Current Assets
Current Liabilities
Total Assets
Total Liabilities
Total Cash
Long Term Debt
Equity
BVPS
Shares Outstanding









 




Liquidity Ratios





Current Ratio




 


            Current Ratio measures the ability to meet short term obligations. Generally accepted standard is 2 (current assets should be 2 times or 200% of current liabilities).
        




Quick Ratio




 


            Measures immediate liquidity or the cash available to cover immediate liabilities. A safe margin would be at least 1 (100%).
        




Financial Leverage




 


            Defined as total assets divided by total shareholders' equity. The higher the ratio, the more debt a company uses in its capital structure.
        




Profitability Ratios






ROA




 


            Return on Assets (ROA) measures the income (profit) that is generated by the use of the assets of the business.
        




ROE




 


            Return on Equity (ROE) is a measure of profitability that calculates how many dollars of profit a company generates with each dollar of shareholders equity.
            ROE is sometimes called "return on net worth."
        




ROIC




 


            The Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) measure gives a sense of how well a company is using its money to generate returns. Some investors use this figure as a final evaluation to determine whether or not to invest in a company.
        





Annual Statements
 


Item Name
Dec '06
Dec '07
Dec '08
Dec '09
Dec '10
Dec '11
Dec '12
Dec '13
Dec '14
Dec '15
Dec '16



Equity (BVPS)
16.16
                                        



21.32
                                        



22.97
                                        



23.97
                                        



30.75
                                        



23.03
                                        



25.67
                                        



27.92
                                        



18.07
                                        



54.60
                                        



49.03
                                        





growth rate

31.9%
                                
7.7%
                                
4.4%
                                
28.3%
                                
-25.1%
                                
11.5%
                                
8.8%
                                
-35.3%
                                
202.2%
                                
-10.2%
                                


Earnings BIT
66.28
                                        



55.10
                                        



86.54
                                        



52.27
                                        



102.04
                                        



100.43
                                        



89.14
                                        



100.00
                                        



173.00
                                        



212.00
                                        



253.00
                                        





growth rate

-16.9%
                                
57.1%
                                
-39.6%
                                
95.2%
                                
-1.6%
                                
-11.2%
                                
12.2%
                                
73.0%
                                
22.5%
                                
19.3%
                                


Avg.PE
16.13
                                        



11.48
                                        



5.04
                                        



18.45
                                        



9.13
                                        



6.90
                                        



10.57
                                        



12.42
                                        



20.66
                                        



24.65
                                        



16.42
                                        





growth rate

-28.8%
                                
-56.1%
                                
266.1%
                                
-50.5%
                                
-24.4%
                                
53.2%
                                
17.5%
                                
66.3%
                                
19.3%
                                
-33.4%
                                


ROA
6.42
                                        



7.39
                                        



6.87
                                        



3.04
                                        



8.33
                                        



7.40
                                        



6.17
                                        



6.46
                                        



4.20
                                        



2.31
                                        



3.90
                                        





growth rate

15.1%
                                
-7.0%
                                
-55.8%
                                
174.0%
                                
-11.2%
                                
-16.6%
                                
4.7%
                                
-35.0%
                                
-45.0%
                                
68.8%
                                


ROE
22.02
                                        



23.70
                                        



22.51
                                        



9.91
                                        



23.14
                                        



19.69
                                        



19.20
                                        



21.53
                                        



13.88
                                        



7.50
                                        



13.28
                                        





growth rate

7.6%
                                
-5.0%
                                
-56.0%
                                
133.5%
                                
-14.9%
                                
-2.5%
                                
12.1%
                                
-35.5%
                                
-46.0%
                                
77.1%
                                


ROIC
13.53
                                        



15.49
                                        



25.12
                                        



11.09
                                        



18.16
                                        



17.60
                                        



12.79
                                        



12.84
                                        



8.73
                                        



5.19
                                        



8.71
                                        





growth rate

14.5%
                                
62.2%
                                
-55.9%
                                
63.8%
                                
-3.1%
                                
-27.3%
                                
0.4%
                                
-32.0%
                                
-40.6%
                                
67.8%
                                


Cur. Ratio
1.22
                                        



1.21
                                        



1.11
                                        



1.10
                                        



1.08
                                        



0.98
                                        



1.00
                                        



1.00
                                        



1.04
                                        



0.90
                                        



0.93
                                        





growth rate

-0.8%
                                
-8.3%
                                
-0.9%
                                
-1.8%
                                
-9.3%
                                
2.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
4.0%
                                
-13.5%
                                
3.3%
                                


Quick Ratio
0.23
                                        



1.21
                                        



1.11
                                        



1.10
                                        



1.08
                                        



0.98
                                        



1.00
                                        



1.00
                                        



1.03
                                        



0.78
                                        



0.80
                                        





growth rate

426.1%
                                
-8.3%
                                
-0.9%
                                
-1.8%
                                
-9.3%
                                
2.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
3.0%
                                
-24.3%
                                
2.6%
                                


Leverage
3.34
                                        



3.09
                                        



3.45
                                        



3.07
                                        



2.55
                                        



2.81
                                        



3.38
                                        



3.29
                                        



3.31
                                        



3.20
                                        



3.63
                                        





growth rate

-7.5%
                                
11.7%
                                
-11.0%
                                
-16.9%
                                
10.2%
                                
20.3%
                                
-2.7%
                                
0.6%
                                
-3.3%
                                
13.4%
                                


Balance Sheet
Dec '06
Dec '07
Dec '08
Dec '09
Dec '10
Dec '11
Dec '12
Dec '13
Dec '14
Dec '15
Dec '16


Acct.Receivable


401.50
                                        



333.90
                                        



398.00
                                        



367.00
                                        



413.00
                                        



501.00
                                        



1,037.00
                                        



1,225.00
                                        



1,301.00
                                        





growth rate



-16.8%
                                
19.2%
                                
-7.8%
                                
12.5%
                                
21.3%
                                
107.0%
                                
18.1%
                                
6.2%
                                


Acct.Payable




54.00
                                        



55.00
                                        



56.00
                                        



69.00
                                        



259.00
                                        



258.00
                                        



286.00
                                        





growth rate





1.9%
                                
1.8%
                                
23.2%
                                
275.4%
                                
-0.4%
                                
10.9%
                                


Cur.Assets


467.90
                                        



422.40
                                        



458.00
                                        



404.00
                                        



466.00
                                        



609.00
                                        



1,326.00
                                        



1,519.00
                                        



1,634.00
                                        





growth rate



-9.7%
                                
8.4%
                                
-11.8%
                                
15.4%
                                
30.7%
                                
117.7%
                                
14.6%
                                
7.6%
                                


Total Assets


924.40
                                        



865.30
                                        



929.00
                                        



770.00
                                        



1,031.00
                                        



1,178.00
                                        



3,510.00
                                        



3,821.00
                                        



3,885.00
                                        





growth rate



-6.4%
                                
7.4%
                                
-17.1%
                                
33.9%
                                
14.3%
                                
198.0%
                                
8.9%
                                
1.7%
                                


Cash


33.00
                                        



43.60
                                        



55.00
                                        



33.00
                                        



47.00
                                        



102.00
                                        



222.00
                                        



223.00
                                        



265.00
                                        





growth rate



32.1%
                                
26.2%
                                
-40.0%
                                
42.4%
                                
117.0%
                                
117.7%
                                
0.5%
                                
18.8%
                                


Inventory


0.40
                                        



0.40
                                        



1.00
                                        



0.20
                                        



0.50
                                        



0.20
                                        








growth rate



0.0%
                                
150.0%
                                
-80.0%
                                
150.0%
                                
-60.0%
                                





Cur.Liabilities


422.70
                                        



383.00
                                        



425.00
                                        



412.00
                                        



466.00
                                        



607.00
                                        



1,299.00
                                        



1,692.00
                                        



1,759.00
                                        





growth rate



-9.4%
                                
11.0%
                                
-3.1%
                                
13.1%
                                
30.3%
                                
114.0%
                                
30.3%
                                
4.0%
                                


Liabilities


656.10
                                        



583.60
                                        



564.00
                                        



496.00
                                        



726.00
                                        



821.00
                                        



2,423.00
                                        



2,588.00
                                        



2,782.00
                                        





growth rate



-11.1%
                                
-3.4%
                                
-12.1%
                                
46.4%
                                
13.1%
                                
195.1%
                                
6.8%
                                
7.5%
                                


LT Debt
125.40
                                        



134.43
                                        



0.00
                                        



0.00
                                        



72.00
                                        



22.00
                                        



174.00
                                        



131.00
                                        



589.00
                                        



430.00
                                        



394.00
                                        





growth rate

7.2%
                                
-100.0%
                                


-69.4%
                                
690.9%
                                
-24.7%
                                
349.6%
                                
-27.0%
                                
-8.4%
                                


Equity
216.22
                                        



248.81
                                        



268.30
                                        



281.70
                                        



364.60
                                        



273.90
                                        



305.30
                                        



357.90
                                        








growth rate

15.1%
                                
7.8%
                                
5.0%
                                
29.4%
                                
-24.9%
                                
11.5%
                                
17.2%
                                





Common Shares
12.00
                                        



12.00
                                        



12.00
                                        



12.00
                                        



12.00
                                        



12.00
                                        



12.00
                                        



12.00
                                        



15.00
                                        



20.00
                                        



20.00
                                        





growth rate

0.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
25.0%
                                
33.3%
                                
0.0%
                                


Cash Flow Statement
Dec '06
Dec '07
Dec '08
Dec '09
Dec '10
Dec '11
Dec '12
Dec '13
Dec '14
Dec '15
Dec '16


Capital Expenditures
8.35
                                        



9.01
                                        



8.60
                                        



8.90
                                        



10.00
                                        



10.00
                                        



7.00
                                        



17.00
                                        



26.00
                                        



43.00
                                        



40.00
                                        





growth rate

7.9%
                                
-4.6%
                                
3.5%
                                
12.4%
                                
0.0%
                                
-30.0%
                                
142.9%
                                
52.9%
                                
65.4%
                                
-7.0%
                                


Cash Dividends
12.59
                                        



15.48
                                        



19.30
                                        



9.40
                                        



9.40
                                        



56.10
                                        



22.60
                                        



20.20
                                        








growth rate

23.0%
                                
24.7%
                                
-51.3%
                                
0.0%
                                
496.8%
                                
-59.7%
                                
-10.6%
                                





Cash From OA
90.29
                                        



51.73
                                        



76.30
                                        



86.80
                                        



75.00
                                        



60.00
                                        



62.00
                                        



55.00
                                        



141.00
                                        



123.00
                                        



225.00
                                        





growth rate

-42.7%
                                
47.5%
                                
13.8%
                                
-13.6%
                                
-20.0%
                                
3.3%
                                
-11.3%
                                
156.4%
                                
-12.8%
                                
82.9%
                                


FCF per Share
3.83
                                        



3.68
                                        



5.76
                                        



8.97
                                        



8.39
                                        



6.70
                                        



4.57
                                        



4.01
                                        



4.47
                                        



-0.91
                                        



7.14
                                        





growth rate

-3.9%
                                
56.5%
                                
55.7%
                                
-6.5%
                                
-20.1%
                                
-31.8%
                                
-12.3%
                                
11.5%
                                
-100.0%
                                
100.0%
                                


FCF
76.00
                                        



43.00
                                        



68.00
                                        



105.00
                                        



99.00
                                        



50.00
                                        



55.00
                                        



38.00
                                        



115.00
                                        



81.00
                                        



177.00
                                        





growth rate

-43.4%
                                
58.1%
                                
54.4%
                                
-5.7%
                                
-49.5%
                                
10.0%
                                
-30.9%
                                
202.6%
                                
-29.6%
                                
118.5%
                                


Income Statement
Dec '06
Dec '07
Dec '08
Dec '09
Dec '10
Dec '11
Dec '12
Dec '13
Dec '14
Dec '15
Dec '16


Sales
897.67
                                        



1,000.00
                                        



1,129.50
                                        



912.70
                                        



964.00
                                        



1,050.00
                                        



1,217.00
                                        



1,349.00
                                        



2,280.00
                                        



3,584.00
                                        



3,741.00
                                        





growth rate

11.4%
                                
13.0%
                                
-19.2%
                                
5.6%
                                
8.9%
                                
15.9%
                                
10.9%
                                
69.0%
                                
57.2%
                                
4.4%
                                


Op.Income


99.70
                                        



0.00
                                        



48.00
                                        



64.00
                                        



56.00
                                        



100.00
                                        



173.00
                                        



212.00
                                        



253.00
                                        





growth rate



-100.0%
                                

33.3%
                                
-12.5%
                                
78.6%
                                
73.0%
                                
22.5%
                                
19.3%
                                


IBT


86.50
                                        



0.00
                                        



78.50
                                        



94.40
                                        



83.10
                                        



95.50
                                        








growth rate



-100.0%
                                

20.3%
                                
-12.0%
                                
14.9%
                                





Net Income


58.20
                                        



0.00
                                        



48.00
                                        



64.00
                                        



56.00
                                        



71.00
                                        



98.00
                                        



84.00
                                        



150.00
                                        





growth rate



-100.0%
                                

33.3%
                                
-12.5%
                                
26.8%
                                
38.0%
                                
-14.3%
                                
78.6%
                                


EPS
3.78
                                        



4.75
                                        



4.96
                                        



2.33
                                        



6.33
                                        



5.29
                                        



4.62
                                        



5.92
                                        



6.77
                                        



4.26
                                        



7.49
                                        





growth rate

25.7%
                                
4.4%
                                
-53.0%
                                
171.7%
                                
-16.4%
                                
-12.7%
                                
28.1%
                                
14.4%
                                
-37.1%
                                
75.8%
                                


Gross Profit
789.77
                                        



886.71
                                        



985.70
                                        



806.95
                                        



129.00
                                        



146.00
                                        



171.00
                                        



175.00
                                        



238.00
                                        



311.00
                                        



373.00
                                        





growth rate

12.3%
                                
11.2%
                                
-18.1%
                                
-84.0%
                                
13.2%
                                
17.1%
                                
2.3%
                                
36.0%
                                
30.7%
                                
19.9%
                                





Quarterly Statements
 


Item Name
Dec '15
Mar '16
Jun '16
Sep '16
Dec '16



Earnings BIT

54.00
                                        



54.00
                                        



73.00
                                        



73.00
                                        





growth rate


0.0%
                                
35.2%
                                
0.0%
                                


Balance Sheet
Dec '15
Mar '16
Jun '16
Sep '16
Dec '16


Acct.Receivable
1,225.00
                                        



1,118.00
                                        



1,118.00
                                        



1,301.00
                                        



1,301.00
                                        





growth rate

-8.7%
                                
0.0%
                                
16.4%
                                
0.0%
                                


Acct.Payable
258.00
                                        



252.00
                                        



252.00
                                        



286.00
                                        



286.00
                                        





growth rate

-2.3%
                                
0.0%
                                
13.5%
                                
0.0%
                                


Cur.Assets
1,519.00
                                        



1,523.00
                                        



1,523.00
                                        



1,634.00
                                        



1,634.00
                                        





growth rate

0.3%
                                
0.0%
                                
7.3%
                                
0.0%
                                


Total Assets
3,821.00
                                        



3,874.00
                                        



3,874.00
                                        



3,885.00
                                        



3,885.00
                                        





growth rate

1.4%
                                
0.0%
                                
0.3%
                                
0.0%
                                


Cash
223.00
                                        



176.00
                                        



176.00
                                        



265.00
                                        



265.00
                                        





growth rate

-21.1%
                                
0.0%
                                
50.6%
                                
0.0%
                                


Inventory







growth rate







Cur.Liabilities
1,692.00
                                        



1,791.00
                                        



1,791.00
                                        



1,759.00
                                        



1,759.00
                                        





growth rate

5.9%
                                
0.0%
                                
-1.8%
                                
0.0%
                                


Liabilities
2,588.00
                                        



2,833.00
                                        



2,833.00
                                        



2,782.00
                                        



2,782.00
                                        





growth rate

9.5%
                                
0.0%
                                
-1.8%
                                
0.0%
                                


LT Debt
430.00
                                        



426.00
                                        



426.00
                                        



394.00
                                        



394.00
                                        





growth rate

-0.9%
                                
0.0%
                                
-7.5%
                                
0.0%
                                


Equity







growth rate







Common Shares

551.00
                                        



551.00
                                        



551.00
                                        



551.00
                                        





growth rate


0.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
0.0%
                                


Cash Flow Statement
Dec '15
Mar '16
Jun '16
Sep '16
Dec '16


Capital Expenditures
12.00
                                        



10.00
                                        



10.00
                                        



10.00
                                        



10.00
                                        





growth rate

-16.7%
                                
0.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
0.0%
                                


Cash Dividends







growth rate







Cash From OA
127.00
                                        



-33.00
                                        



-33.00
                                        



145.00
                                        



145.00
                                        





growth rate

-100.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
100.0%
                                
0.0%
                                


FCF
115.00
                                        



-43.00
                                        



-43.00
                                        



135.00
                                        



135.00
                                        





growth rate

-100.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
100.0%
                                
0.0%
                                


Income Statement
Dec '15
Mar '16
Jun '16
Sep '16
Dec '16


Sales
908.00
                                        



939.00
                                        



939.00
                                        



931.00
                                        



931.00
                                        





growth rate

3.4%
                                
0.0%
                                
-0.9%
                                
0.0%
                                


Op.Income
30.00
                                        



54.00
                                        



54.00
                                        



73.00
                                        



73.00
                                        





growth rate

80.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
35.2%
                                
0.0%
                                


Net Income
30.00
                                        



27.00
                                        



27.00
                                        



48.00
                                        



48.00
                                        





growth rate

-10.0%
                                
0.0%
                                
77.8%
                                
0.0%
                                


Gross Profit
91.00
                                        



82.00
                                        



82.00
                                        



105.00
                                        



105.00
                                        





growth rate

-9.9%
                                
0.0%
                                
28.1%
                                
0.0%
                                





Growth Grade & Financial Ratios
All financial ratios below are calculated based on latest annual statements available and present the most up to date snapshot of a company finances.


Growth Grade
Historical Growth Grade:  

                                B (82.36)
                            
YOY Growth Grade:  

                                D (35.94)
                            
Click on buttons above for detailed yearly growth rates.


Market Ratios

    Dividend Yield: 1.2%
 


    Beta: 0.75
 
Beta of 0.75 suggests that the stock is less volatile than the rest of the market.

    PE: 19.13
 


    EY: 5.2%
 


    PEG: 0.88
 
PEG Ratio of 0.88 suggests that stock is underpriced.

    PEGY: 0.84
 
PEGY Ratio of 0.84 suggests that stock is underpriced.

    Price/BVPS: 2.92
 



Profitability Ratios

    ROE: 13.3%
 
Return on Equity (ROE) of 13.3% suggests that management is inefficient or it could reflect a highly capitalized, conservatively operated business with little long term debt.

    ROS: 6.8%
 
The value of Return on Sales depends on the business and/or industry. Usually the higher ratio the better.

    ROA: 2.5%
 
Return on Assets (ROA). Low ratio usually means poor performance, or ineffective use of assets by management. High ratio usually means good performance.

    ROI: 26.7%
 
Return on Investment (ROI) of 26.7% suggests that a company is doing well.

    ROIC: 8.7%
 
Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) of 8.7% suggests that management is inefficient or it could reflect a highly capitalized, conservatively operated business with little long term debt.




Liquidity Ratios

    Current Ratio: 0.93
 
Current Ratio of 0.93 suggests that a company may not be able to pay off bills as rapidly as it should.

    Quick Ratio: 0.89
 
Quick Ratio of 0.89 suggests that a company may not be able to pay off bills as rapidly as it should.

    Cash Turnover: -29.93
 
Turnover Of Cash Ratio of -29.93 suggests that a company may have funds tied up in short-term low-yielding assets or may have a cash surplus, which is not invested in the business.

    Debt/Equity: 777.3%
 
Debt to Equity Ratio of 777.3% suggests that greater risk assumed by creditors, hence greater interest by them in the way the company is being managed.

    Debt/FCF: 2.23
 
Debt/FCF of 2.23 suggests that a company is doing well and can pay off its long term debt within three years.


Efficiency Ratios

    Avg Collection Period: 126.94
 
Average Collection Period of 126.94 days suggests a slow turnover, which may be the result of a number of bad accounts, or a tax collection policy or perhaps credit is being used to generate sales.

    Inventory Turnover: 16,840.00
 
Inventory Turnover Ratio of 16,840.00 suggests that a company is doing well.

    Profit Margin: 4.0%
 







Value Price





PE and EPS



Historical
Current
Forward



PE
19.13
19.13
13.59


EPS / Growth
11.2%
7.49
21.8%



Value Price & Investment Recovery Time
Read more about Stock2Own value price in Stock Market: Fundamental Analysis.

Equity Growth Rate:
8.1%





Estimates
Pessimistic
Moderate
Optimistic
My Numbers



Rate of Return
15.0%



MOS Price %
50 %



Future EPS Growth
8.1%
13.7%
13.7%



Future PE
13.59
20.03
20.03



Future EPS
16.32
27.00
27.00



Value PriceMOS %


                            54.83
                        
-61.7%



                            133.65
                        
-6.7%



                            133.65
                        
-6.7%




MOS Price

                        27.41
                    

                        66.82
                    

                        66.82
                    



IRT
11.41
9.30
9.30








Graham Number:

NOTE: The Graham Number applies only to certain types of stocks in combination with a number of other criteria.
                        
Read more about Graham Number in Stock Market: Fundamental Analysis.

Graham Number: 90.90
Graham MOS: -36.5%





Price Chart

Access denied
The functionality you are trying to reach is available to registered users only.
Login to your account or 
        Register Now
    if you are not registered yet. Registration is FREE.







×













 







