











 
 
 



IT Distributor In Hong Kong | IT Distributor HK | TriTech





 
Login



Hotline
+852 3958 3000
Enquiry
enquiry@ttdist.com

















ABOUT US

COMPANY PROFILE

PRODUCT

BRAND

CAREER

NEWS

EVENT

CONTACT US




Event

Event Information
Past Event Gallery




News

Press
Case Studies




Categories

  Data Management  Infrastructure  Mobility Management  Security 










TriTech helps Gather, Effectiveness, Together!
A new business opportunity always starts with understanding the business requirements and introducing the right technologies at the right timing.
• TriTech helps partners to Gather all necessary information and putting together what we've discussed.
        • Our Effectiveness in teamwork cooperation and communication is powered by our sales engineering, technical consultations, and marketing innovations.
        • Long-term successes will always come to vendors, partners, end-users, as win-win-win situation Together. 
 These are the TriTech commitments as being a market leader in IT Value-Added-Distribution (VAD) business.
        






WHY OUR PARTNERS LOVE US
ORGANIZATIONS CHOOSE US FOR OUR EVIDENCE-BASED.
        HEALTHY BEHAVIORS-FOCUSED PROGRAMS AND STAY WITH US FOR
        THE OUTSTANDING SUPPORT AND GUIDANCE THEY RECEIVE FORM OUR CLIENT SERVICES TEAM
        







Trend
We understand the market locally, market trend globally.   Our team brings global technologies to drive new business in local market trend.



TeamWork
Our success comes from the long-term loyalty built with all our partners and our vendors.Our Teamwork strategy effectively engineering all parties as family members for best cooperation and communication.


 
Talent
We are not just thinking using IT mindset logics.We are talented in out-of-the-boxing thinking that gives new aspects and innovative ideas to help solving all sort of issues.



Trustworthiness
Our best-in-class TriTech Registration System (TTRS ™)  strictly executes first-come-first-serve manner.We guarantee the first partner to gain both advantages of price protection and presales resources.Such mutual-trustworthiness is the key success to have win-win-win situations for vendors, partners and end-users.







Sophisticated Hong Kong Based IT Distributor
Over the years we have developed a loyal client base who rely on us to provide exemplary support and guidance. We are proud of our award winning distributor portfolio which includes industry leading brands such as Arcserve, Barracuda,  Fujitsu, ManageEngine, Nakivo, Panda Security and Sangfor.
Providing a best in class registration system in the IT market and providing dynamic solutions to end-user account conflicts, there is no better channel-only distributor than TriTech Distribution. As one of the most distinguished distributors both in HK and internationally, TriTech Distribution has made a name for itself working closely with vendor and channel partners to provide technical expertise and help them to make a well informed decision. We are the Value-Added Distributor in Hong Kong offering consistent, reliable services throughout the city.
Teamwork and cooperation are the foundations of our success
The success of our enterprise is wholly dependent on the TriTech Distribution team which is made up of passionate, talented, and experienced professionals who cooperate and collaborate to develop advanced sales engineering, and market innovations. Without this talented group of professionals, providing our vendors with sophisticated technical consultations would be an impossibility.  This attitude of teamwork and cooperation extends to the strong working relationships we form with vendors, channel partners, and end users; we believe that this is the key to creating win-win solutions.
Get in touch with us to learn more
For any enquiries, or to learn more about why TriTech Distribution is frequently recognised as one of the foremost IT distributors in Hong Kong, please don’t hesitate to get in touch.  







GET SUPPORT

Sign in
|
Sign Up




Sales Enquiry
Our sales hotline (852) 3958-3000 or email enquiry@ttdist.com is always ready to assist you to close the deal!



Technical Support
If you have technical questions, (852) 3958-3058 or support@ttdist.com can help you solve your technical issues.



RMA:  Return Merchandize Authorisation
We have industry-standard procedures to support resellers or end-users for any failure hardware.









TriTech Distribution Limited is your top value added distributor in Hong Kong.



Disclaimer|Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2017 TriTech Distribution. All Rights Reserved.
















 



Tritech Group Limited











 





Home


Site Map


Contact Us



 




 



 






Home
Corporate Profile
Philosophy
Organization
Board of Directors
Key Personnel
News
Careers
Contact Us
Investor Relations





 

 TGL Engineering Group Pte Ltd(Urban and Environmental Infrastructure)



 
              Tritech Engineering & Testing (S) Pte Ltd


Tritech Consultants Pte Ltd


Presscrete Engineering Pte Ltd


Tritech Geotechnic Pte Ltd



Tritech Instruments Pte Ltd



Terra Tritech Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd


Geosoft Pte Ltd



 TriTech Environmental Group Co Ltd(Water and Environmental Protection)


 Tritech VaVie Health Care Technologies Co Ltd


 Tritech VaVie (Shanghai) Health Care Technologies Co Ltd


 Tritech VaVie (Beijing) Health Care Technologies Co Ltd


 Tritech (Qingdao) Membrane Technologies Co Ltd


 
              Anhui Clean Environmental Biotechnology Co Ltd 



Beijing Wisetec Technologies Co Ltd



Yunnan Tianlai Environmental Co Ltd


 Tritech Water Technologies Pte Ltd


 SysEng (S) Pte Ltd






 




 



 

Gallery and Products
 







21 Oct 2016
Tritech Water Technologies   Pte Ltd has successfully launched its household range of products - VaVie Alkaline Water Dispenser on "Gain City - Ang Mo Kio outlet, Singapore". The store has launched 2 different products, WE-UF-01 and WE-UF-02. These are table top dispensers using tap water as input and providing alkaline water as output. WE-UF-01 provides alkaline water at pH 8.5. WE-UF-02 provides multi level alkaline and acidic water at different pH levels. These have their own uses which can be further checked in the website: www.vavie.com.sg
17 Oct 2016
Presscrete Engineering  Pte Ltd has been awarded with a S$1.2 million contract on "Construction of Trunk Sewer along Anchorvale Lane" by HDB. The project includes construction of sewer manholes and sewer line by pipe jacking for 450mm and 600mm diameter using reinforced concrete pipe. It also includes all necessary tests complying to the latest PUB requirements, including all necessary connections to existing manholes and all other related works.
1 July 2015
Tritech Engineering and Testing (S) Pte Ltd has been awarded with  a project on "Site investigation works for Deep Tunnel Sewage System  Phase 2". This is with collaboration with PUB to carry out drilling of 56 Soil Investigation Boreholes up to 60m below ground level.
read more
21 May 2015
Tritech Engineering and Testing (S) Pte Ltd has been awarded with a R&D Project on "Big Data Analytics on Bored Tunnelling". This is with collaboration with LTA to complement on the Tunneling and Excavation Monitoring System (TEMS) used to monitor Large Scale Thomson East Coast Line MRT Construction Projects.
3 November 2014
Tritech Engineeering & Testing (S) Pte Ltd is pleased to announce that the Council Committee for Inspection Bodies (CCIB) has approved the accreditation of TET’s Inspection Body to ISO/IEC 17020: 2012 in the field of Site Investigation for specific Inspections under the SAC Certificate of Accreditation No. IB-2014-112-F.
30 July 2014
TERRATECH GROUP LIMITED, has been successfully listed on SGX Catalist, 30 July 2014. It mark a significant milestone for our Group....
read more
09 Sept 2013

	Tritech Consultants Pte Ltd (“Tritech Consultants”), had won the inaugural 
	QPS Safety Award from the Land Transport Authority (“LTA”). The award is 
	announced and presented in the 15th Annual Safety Award Convention (ASAC 
	2013) held in University Cultural Centre Hall on 04 Sep 2013...

read more 
	
15 April 2013

	On 13 April, All staff of Tritech (Qingdao ) Membrane Industry Co. Ltd 
	started its first Arbor Day inside the factory. Staff participated in this 
	event..
read more 
	
12 November 2012

	Dr Jeffrey Wang, Managing Director of TGL, has signed a collaboration 
	framework agreement with Mr. Lau Wah Ming, Group Chief Executive Officer of 
	Watertech Pte Ltd...
read more 
	
21 August 2012

	In Straits Times 21 August 2012 Page B4, the HDB solar powered real time 
	weather monitoring station was designed and installed by SysEng...
read more 
	
10 August 2012

	SysEng provides Real Time CCTV service with 66 stations to PUB for their 
	flood management system. One of CCTV (with Tritech Logo) at Liat Tower is 
	shown on The Straits Times (Page B1 August 7, 2012)...
read more 
	
02 August 2012

	India’s Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) has awarded Tritech 
	Engineering & Testing has been appointed , under the World Bank funded River 
	Ganges Improvement Contract, to... 
read more 
	
28 April 2012

	Tritech Group Ltd was awarded the Singapore Brands 2012 (新加坡品牌2012). A book 
	“Singapore Brands 2012” is published..
read more 
	
19 Jan 2012

	Tritech Group Limited has successfully celebrated its 2012 Annual Dinner 
	last 12th January at Intercontinental Singapore...
read more 
	
04 Nov 2011

	SysEng (S) Pte Ltd has just been awarded by the National Water Agency PUB to 
	install 55 Closed-Circuit TeleVision at flood prone areas in Singapore...
read more 
26 May 2011

	Tritech Consultants Pte Ltd  recognised and awarded by Building 
	and Constructions Authority during the recently concluded BCA Awards 2011...
read more 
20 May 2011

	Tritech Engineering and Testings Pte Ltd. commended by LTA for the completed 
	Circle Line stage 5 - Contract 8242...
read more 
19 January 2011

	Tritech Group Limited has hold its annual dinner 2011 at Grand Ball Room of 
	Marriott Hotel....
read more 
16 January 2011

	Dr Jeffrey Wang, CEO of Tritech Group Limited (TGL), Dr Cai Jungang, 
	executive director of TGL, participated the annual dinner of Beijing Wisetec 
	Technologies Pte Ltd...
read more 
14 January 2011

	Our CEO, Dr Jeffrey Wang, has been reappointed to be the member of Civil & 
	Environmental Engineering Departmental...
read more 
13 January 2011

	The project management staff for the construction of the factory for 
	Tritech (Qingdao) Membrane Industry Co. Ltd hold its first annual dinner...
read more 
28 November 2010

	At the invitation of the Board of Tritech Group Limited, the Mayor of 
	Jiaonan, Qingdao China, Mr. Jiang Junjian and other 5 local government 
	officers...
read more 
4 November 2010

	The Board of Tritech Group Limited, represented by Non-executive Chairman 
	Prof K Y Yong, Managing Director Dr Jeffrey Wang, independent Director Mr. 
	Lim Yue Hua, Mr. Aw Eng Hai visited...
read more 
12 October 2010

	We are pleased to announce that Er. Chow Weng Cheong has joined us as 
	Technical Director and PE under Civil & Structure Division of Tritech 
	Consultants...
read more 
28 June 2010

	On 17 June 2010, Tritech (Qingdao) Membrane Industry Co. Ltd, a 
	wholly owned subsidy of Tritech Group Limited, has held its ground breaking 
	ceremony...
read more 
24 April 2010

	Tritech which was published in this week's issue of The Edge....
read more 
19 March 2010

	We are pleased to announce that Dr. Huang Mingzhi has joined us as Director 
	and Head of Survey Division of Tritech Engineering and Testing Pte Ltd....
read more 
9 February 2010

	Tritech Group Limited celebrated another memorable Annual Dinner 2010 at 
	Swissotel Merchant Court Hotel last February 3. The "Spring Festival" 
	themed...
read more 
2 February 2010
Tritech Water Technologies Pte Ltd has just received the Deed of Letter Patent from Commissioner of Patent, Australia  for our application of UDS patent. The patent is numbered 2005262928 and the term of protection is 20 years commencing from 13 July 2005.

read more 
15 January 2010
Tritech Engineering & Testing (Singapore) Pte Ltd has been recognized by our client, Gammon Construction Ltd, for dedicated efforts in maintaining Occupational Safety, Health and Environment.
read more 
16 December 2009
We are pleased to announce that Ms Chew Saw Tin has joined us as the Associate of Civil and Structural Division of Tritech Consultants Pte Ltd. 
read more 
24 November 2009
Presscrete Engineering Pte Ltd has been awarded by our Client, Gammon Construction Ltd, as the “Best Safety Conscious Subcontractor” for the month of September 2009. This is in recognition, for best practice in Occupational Safety and Health. 
read more 
29 October 2009
TRITECH GROUP LIMITED Managing Director, Dr Jeffrey Wang, Independent Directors Mr. Lim Yeok Hua and Mr. Aw Eng Hai visited Jiaonan city in Qingdao, China  last 23 to 27 of October year 2009.
read more 
1 October 2009
COMMENDATION LETTER again awarded by LTA (Land  Transportation Authority) to Mr. Wang Yulong, Project Manager of DTL1 C905, for  doing a good job in maintaining the safety of recently concluded F1 RACE. The  team helps in monitoring closely, not to make DTL1 C905, hazardous to the  nearby race circuit. 
read more 
12 Aug 2009

                                                            Professor Du Xiuli, dean of the School 
                                    of Construction, Beijing University of Technologies, has visited Tritech Group Limited
read more
July 
                                    2009
Our Group Managing Director, Dr Jeffrey 
                                    Wang has been interviewed by the publication, i.e.
                                    The Edge Singapore.
   
read more 
 
 
 










TGL 
						Board Of Directors(TGL 
						Board of Directors)




									Gain City - Ang Mo Kio, Singapore displaying VaVie Alkaline Water Dispensers







									SIWW 2016





									SIWW 2016



 Aquatech China 2016





VaVie Range of Products


(VaVie Alkaline water dispensers - click to enlarge)


(VaVie Alkaline Water Bottles 600ml and 400ml) 




						Membrane and Membrane Related Products





PoraMax UF Membrane Module






PuroMax RO Membrane Module






PermaMax MBR Membrane Module






UF Water Treatment Plant (500m3/day)






Tritech MBR Waste water treatment (Ulu Pandan, Singapore)






Waste Water treatment Project (5000 m3/day)


 






11 April 2017
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Anhui Clean Environment Biotechnology Co Ltd, had been awarded a contract, in relation to the operation and maintenance of the waste water treatment system by XingAn Urban Investment and Development. 
01 March 2017
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Anhui Clean Environment Biotechnology Co Ltd, had been awarded a project with a contract value of RMB13.648 million, in relation to the design, supply and installation of a waste water treatment system for the treatment of the leachate produced from a solid waste treatment plant located in the county of Anyue in the Sichuan Province, PRC by XingAn Urban Investment and Development of Anyue County Co Ltd of China. 
23 February 2017
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Anhui Clean Environment Biotechnology Co Ltd, had been awarded a project with a contract value of RMB10.517 million, in relation to the design, installation and construction of a waste water treatment plant with a capacity of 2500 m3/day located in Qinhuangdao region of Hebei Province, PRC by Resources Snow Brewer (Qinhuangdao) Co Ltd, China. 
20 February 2017
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Anhui Clean Environment Biotechnology Co Ltd, had been awarded a tender with a contract value of RMB14.856 million, in relation to the design and installation of a waste water treatment system with a capacity of 8000 tons/day located in Wuhan region, PRC by Resources Snow Brewer (Wuhan) Co Ltd, China. 
02 February 2017
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Presscrete Engineering Pte Ltd, had been awarded a tender with a contract value of S$9.998 million  in relation to the works for the “Proposed Sewers in Toh Tuck Avenue Area” by the “Public Utilities Board of Singapore (“PUB”).
24 Oct 2016
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Tritech Engineering & Testing (Singapore) Pte Ltd, had been awarded 3 contracts approximately aggregating S$23 million, by the Land Transport Authority (“LTA”). 
1) The first contract is "Contract C1040 Site Investigation Engineering Services" having a contract sum of approximately S$7.2 million. The scope of contract includes provision of Engineering Works on site investigation (SI) works for part of a future infrastructure project in SIngapore. The duration of the contract is 36 months starting from October 24, 2016.
                        2) The second contract is "Contract C1047 Provision of Horizontal Directional Coring (HDC) Services" having a contract sum of approximately S$8.5 million. The scope of contract includes provision of HDC  site investigation services on specific terrain in Singapore. The duration of the contract is 24 months starting from October 24, 2016.
                        3) The third contract is "Contract C1049 Provision of Horizontal Directional Coring (HDC) Services" having a contract sum of approximately S$7.3 million. The scope of contract includes provision of HDC  site investigation services on specific terrain in Singapore. The duration of the contract is 24 months starting from October 24, 2016.                                                
                        9 June 2016
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Tritech Consultants Pte Ltd, had been awarded a S$36.6 million contract, titled “Contract  T3131 Provision of Qualified Person (“QP”) Services of Thomson-East Coast Line Contracts T313 and  T315” by the Land Transport Authority (“LTA”).
                        
15 April 2016
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that a consortium between the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Tritech Consultants Pte Ltd and Black  & Veatch (SEA) Pte Ltd, had been awarded a S$3.5  million contract for the provision of Consultancy Services in  relation to a “Feasibility Study on Underground Drainage and Reservoir System (UDRS)” by  the Public Utilities Board.                        
                        
Tritech  Consultants’ main scope of responsibility is the evaluation of the feasibility and the design of the  underground components of the UDRS. 
19 January 2016
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that the Company has entered into a joint venture agreement with China Finance Asset Management Co Ltd, a China registered company for the purposes of securing the following projects in China with the following scope of works:
                        1) Sponge city - in relation to rainwater conservancy, storage, treatment and reclamation; and 
                        2) Smart Waterworks - in relation to water and environment monitoring and management.                                                                         
                        19 October 2015
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that the Company has entered into an investment framework agreement with 1) The Government of Chaohu City and                               
                          2) Asia-Pacific Diqu (Chaohu) Cultural Industry Park Co Ltd pursuant to which the Company has been awarded a build-operate-transfer (BOT) project for the waste water treatment plant in a cultural industrial park in Chaohu, Anhui, People's Republic of China (PRC) with an estimated investment value of up to RMB 500 million. 
6 February 2015
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that the
                               Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, SysEng (S) Pte Ltd  has been awarded a S$4.92  million contract for the  Provision of Water Quality Profiling Services and Comprehensive  Maintenance of Existing Water Quality Stations and Equipment in Singapore Catchments and  Reservoirs  by the Public Utilities Board (“PUB”).
15 January 2015
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that the Company has entered into an agreement with Beijing Hua Xia Dao He to engage their services to provide the following services in relation to the water and environmental business of the group                               
                               1) to assist the Group's water and  environment business to secure financing for the following  areas: (a) for city water and environment development, (b) for industrial water  development and (c) for acquisition opportunities; and                                 
                               2) to assist the Group's water and environment business in developing market(s) by assisting to  secure new contracts over a period of up to 5 years.                               
                               3 December 2014
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that the
                                 Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Presscrete  Engineering Pte Ltd won a tender with a contract value of approximately S$19.24  million in relation to the works for the Proposed Sewers in Sembawang Road and  Sembawang Avenue Areas  by the Public Utilities Board (“PUB”).
10 November 2014
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that a consortium between the
                            Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Tritech Consultants Pte Ltd and Black  & Veatch (SEA) Pte Ltd, had been awarded a S$18.479  million contract for the provision of Consultancy Services in  relation to a “Professional Engineering Services for Murnane Pipeline Project” by  the Public Utilities Board. 
3 November 2014
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited wishes to announce that the
                          Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Presscrete  Engineering Pte Ltd has been awarderd with a  S$11.5  million contract in relation to the works for the "Proposed Sewers in Woodlands Road  Areas"  by the Public Utilities Board (“PUB”).
30 July 2014
The Management wishes to announce that the Group’s subsidiary, TERRATECH GROUP LIMITED, has been successfully listed on SGX Catalist, 30 July 2014. It mark a significant milestone for our Group.
						  Terratech is the first marble producer in the exciting mineral, oil and gas sector to be listed on the SGX Catalist board. 
9 September 2013

                                    Tritech Consultants Pte Ltd (“Tritech 
									Consultants”), had won the inaugural QPS 
									Safety Award from the Land Transport 
									Authority (“LTA”). The award is announced 
									and presented in the 15th Annual Safety 
									Award Convention (ASAC 2013) held in 
									University Cultural Centre Hall on 04 Sep 
									2013. This is the first time for LTA to have 
									safety award to QPS in recognition of their 
									proactive contribution to the workplace 
									safety and health in road and MRT 
									construction sites. In all the LTA’s 
									on-going projects a total of 4 QPS project 
									teams won the awards, of which 3 awards are 
									presented to Tritech. They are QPS teams for 
									Contract 921, Contract 929 and Contract 
								  1686, respectively.

									Tritech Consultants has been appointed by 
									the LTA to provide Qualified Person 
									(Supervision) services, through the 
									endorsement, supervision and inspection of 
									all civil, geotechnical and structural works 
									(the “Works”) under MRT Contract 921, 
									Contract 929 and Contract 1686, and ensuring 
									that the Works are carried out according to 
									the relevant statutory and contractual 
									requirements.
 



									7 February 2011

                                    Tritech Group Limited goes with NUS for 
									ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES FOR LARGE-SCALE URBAN 
									SUBTERRANEAN SPACE EXPLOITATION

									Tritech will be industrial partner to NUS to 
									kick off a project of ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES 
									FOR LARGE-SCALE URBAN SUBTERRANEAN SPACE 
									EXPLOITATION with finance grant. This 
									project is approved under the 6th Grant call 
									of the NRF Competitive Research Programme 
									(CRP) Funding Scheme. The leading Principal 
									Investigator (PI) is Prof . F H Lee in NUS.

									The development of underground space is a 
									critical factor for Singapore to sustain its 
									urban development. Most knowledge and 
									experience with soft ground improvement 
									techniques resides in the hands of 
									contractors, with little research being 
									performed by academic and technical 
									institutions. Independent research of this 
									subject area would be of great value to the 
									industry and would eliminate the reliance on 
									contractors for design and construction
									technology.

									The objective of this proposed programme is 
									to develop the body of scientific know-how 
									and enabling technologies which will allow 
									large-scale urban subterranean construction 
									such as caverns, to take place with minimal 
									disturbances to pre-existing overlying 
									facilities and structures as well as the 
									ground surface.

									Tritech is expected to be benefited through 
									the commercialization of the developed 
									technologies via its core engineering 
									business arm.
 



									3 January 2011

                                    Our CEO, Dr Jeffrey WANG has announced that 
									for the purpose to combine the group 
									strengths, Tritech Group Limited forms 1) a 
									Business Unit of Water Monitoring and 
									Testing ; 2) Business Unit for Production 
									and Testing to tender, execute the projects 
									related to these two areas in the region, 
									This business unit consists of the 
									subsidiaries of Tritech Group Limited, i.e. 
									Tritech Water Technologies Pte Ltd, Tritech 
									Engineering &Testing (Singapore) Pte Ltd, 
									Tritech Instruments Pte Ltd, Tritech 
									Consultants Pte Ltd, Syseng (S) Pte Ltd, 
									Beijing Wisetec Technologies Co. Ltd, 
									Tritech (Qingdao) Membrane Co. Ltd, Terra 
									Tritech Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd. 

									Mr. Kuan Keng Mun is assigned as Head of 
									Business Unit for Production and Testing; 
									and Mr. Choo Chun Keong as Head of Business 
									Unit of Water Monitoring and Testing. They 
									are responsible for the marketing, tender 
									execution of projects in the region and they 
									can use any of the above subsidiaries or its 
									combination to tender with pre-approval from 
									the Board of Tritech Group Limited.

									SysEng (S) Pte Ltd has formed a Division of 
									Electronics to focus on bigger government 
									projects, Mr. Poh Ye Kong, General Manager 
									of SysEng (S) Pte Ltd is acting as Head of 
									the Division and he will focus on large 
									scale electronic related project from 
									Government. Meanwhile, the original Division 
									of Geotechnical and Structural Monitoring, 
									which is headed by Mr. Ang Wee Boon, will be 
									transferred to Tritech Engineering &Testing 
									(Singapore) Pte Ltd for enhancing of 
									business strength in this direction.
 



									December 
									2010

                                    A SGX listed group of companies is looking 
									for business partner/distributor to market 
									our approved product of membrane, water 
									dispenser, desalination and bottled water in 
									Singapore and in the region.

                                    Interested parties kindly email to :
									
									general@tritech.com.sg
 


 
									July 2010

                                    Our Managing Director of Tritech Group 
									Limited (TGL), Dr Jeffrey WANG has been 
									approved for the registration as a ASEAN 
									Charted Professional Engineer as provided 
									for under the AEAN Mutual Recognition 
									Arrangement on Engineering Services by the 
									ASEAN Chartered Professional Engineer 
									Coordinating Committee (ACPECC). 

									An ASEAN Chartered Professional Engineer (ACPE) 
									shall be eligible to apply to the 
									professional Regulatory Authority (PRA) of a 
									Host Country to be registered as a 
									Registered Foreign Professional Engineer (RFPE). 
									Upon approval, the successful SCPE applicant 
									shall be permitted to work as RFPE, not in 
									independent practice, but in collaboration 
									with designated Professional Engineers in 
									the Host Country, within such area of his 
									own competency as may be recognized and 
									approved by the Professional Regulatory 
									Authority (PRA) of the Host Country.

									The successful registration of Dr Jeffrey 
									WANG as ACPE is believed to be beneficiary 
									to the expansion of our consultancy services 
									in the region. 



									10 
									June 2010

                                    Tritech Instruments is in need of Associate 
									Engineer/Senior, Engineer (Hardware/Embedded),Engineer 
									(Software/Systems) and IT Position.
									For more 
									information click
									
read more



									19 
									May 2010

                                    Tritech Engineering and Testings opens a 
									position for QUANTITY SURVEYOR. 
									Email: 
									qs@tritech.com.sg

read more


 
									18 May 2010

                                    Tritech Engineering and Testings opens a 
									position for Purchaser. 
									Email: 
									qs@tritech.com.sg


read more



									29 
									April 2010

                                    Tritech Instruments opens available positions for 
Project Engineer for Instrumentation and 
									Engineering Assistant. 


read more


 
									31 
									March 2010

                                    Tritech Engineering and Testings Pte Ltd 
									opens available positions for Quantity 
									Surveyors. 

read more



									10 
									March 2010

                                    Tritech Engineering and Testing Pte Ltd 
									obtained from Land Survey Board Singapore 
									the LICENSE TO SUPPLY SURVEY SERVICES 
									on 10th of March 2010.





14 August 2009

Tritech Water 
                                    Technologies Pte Ltd, one of the wholly owned subsidies of Tritech Group 
                                    Limited, has signed its first distribution agreement with RICHWOOD INTERNATIONAL 
                                    PTE. LTD., a company 
                                    incorporated in 
                                    Singapore
                                    and having its registered office at 
                                    

                                        20 Bideford Road #07-06


Singapore
 
                                    229921. The distribution agreement entitles RICHWOOD to act as 
                                    sole distributor of Tritech powered small to medium size desalinator (DPD) in 
                                    the region of the provinces of Kalimantan, Sulawesi and Maluku in the 
                                    
Republic 
                                    of 
                                    Indonesia





.

August 2009



                                                            We are pleased to announce that the following persons have been promoted to a 
                                                            new positions: 

                                                            1. Mr. Poh Ye Kong: General Manager of Tritech-Geokon Singapore Pte Ltd 

                                                            2. Mr. Ang Wee Boon: Assistant General Manager of Syseng (S) Pte Ltd 

                                                            3. Mr. Choo Chun Keong: Assistant General Manager of Syseng (S) Pte Ltd

                                                             We appreciate their contribution to Tritech and congratulate for their 
                                                            promotion.

August 2009


Tritech 
                                    is looking for suitable candidates as Accountant.  Interested persons 
                                    please send your 
                                    resumes to general@tritech.com.sg

 
Forum Details 

 


 







 

 








 































 














Investment Castings, Vacuum Castings, CNC Machining - Tritech Group









  


HOME
ABOUT TRITECH
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
TECHNICAL SERVICES
CUSTOMERS
CAREERS
CONTACT US









Investment Castings
    Casting from steel and aluminium 



Vacuum Castings
    Vacuum casting of nickel and cobalt based superalloys 



CNC Machining
    Multi-Axis CNC precision machining of Investment Castings and Solid Billet



Tritech Group
First established in 1982, the Tritech Group has built a reputation based on quality and expertise for offering total, integrated manufacturing solutions for Aerospace, Defence and related industries. With its origins in investment casting, the Tritech Group is able to offer a wide range of manufacturing services including full project management capabilities from initial design advice, to the supply of fully kitted or assembled components.


The group encompasses three major sites, with two - including the company's headquarters - located in Wrexham, North Wales; and the third situated in Barnstaple, Devon.



Tritech Group Mission Statement
"The Tritech Group is entirely committed to providing fully integrated manufacturing solutions for global clients from a single supplier. With a dedicated mission of manufacturing complex, high integrity products the Tritech Group always works in partnership with customers to meet their requirements on time and in full.


The Tritech Group aims to maintain a consistent, but flexible approach to investing in the best people, providing them with the best equipment to deliver the best service, thereby promoting customer focus and achieving customer satisfaction."

      
    





         






© 2010 Tritech Group, Bridge Road North, Wrexham Industrial Estate, Wrexham, UK, LL13 9PS
T: +44 (0) 1978 661 111 F: +44 (0) 1978 661 392 E: sales@tritechgroup.co.uk


 








Tritech Water Technologies






























Log In
       |  Shopping Cart   


























 
 Membrane and Related Product Innovation
 


 
 Water Process Solution
 


 
 Wellness Product Innovation
 


 
 Environmental Product Innovation
 


 
 Manufacturing Process Design
 

 
 

 

TriTech Water & Environmental Group
A leading water and environmental solutions provider, specializing in the manufacture and supply of membranes, membrane-related products, environmental monitoring products; and providing integrated engineering design and construction services. TriTech Water & Environmental Group has undergone a series of M&A and restructuring as well as a USD 30 million investment to set up a TriTech Membrane Manufacture Base which spans across 40,000m2 in QingDao, Shandong Province...

 


 

 

 
 









Tritech Group Limited











 





Home


Site Map


Contact Us



 




 



 






Home
Corporate Profile
Philosophy
Organization
Board of Directors
Key Personnel
News
Careers
Contact Us
Investor Relations










 

 


 


  Group 
                        Structure


  Geograhpic 
                        Location


 

  
 



 


Group Structure


 TGL Engineering Group Limited


  Tritech 
                  Engineering & Testing (S) Pte Ltd


  Presscrete 
                  Engineering Pte Ltd


  Tritech                   Consultants Pte Ltd


  Tritech 
                  Geotechnic Pte Ltd


  Tritech 
				Instruments Pte Ltd


  Terra 
                  Tritech Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd


 Tritech Environmental
                  Group Co Ltd


  Tritech VaVie Health Care Technologies Co Ltd


  Tritech (Qingdao) Membrane Technologies Co Ltd


  Anhui Clean Environmental Biotechnology Co Ltd


  SysEng 
                  (S) Pte Ltd


  Tritech 
                  Water technologies Pte Ltd



  Beijing 
                  WiseTec Technologies Co. Ltd



 Geosoft Pte Ltd


 Division for Regional Business and Marketing Development






Tritech 
                  Engineering & Testing (S) Pte Ltd
 






A specialist contractor specialized in geotechnical 
              and structural health instrumentation & monitoring, automatic 
              real-time Monitoring (e-Monitoring), geotechnical analysis & 
              interpretation, and geologic, geotechnical & geophysical Exploration 
              and testing. It was established in Year 1999 by a team of specialist 
              engineers with many years of experiences in instrumentation & 
              monitoring and site investigation in Singapore, Malaysia and China. 
              The Company is registered with BCA with Grade CR12 L4 (S$5,000,000 
              category) under Soil Investigation and Slope Stabilization work 
              head.
Website: www.tritech.com.sg/engineering/


Presscrete 
                  Engineering Pte Ltd
 






Presscrete is a specialist Engineering service 
              provider. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tritech Group Limited.
The Company has, since its incorporation in 1987, 
              been principally engaged in the provision of specialist engineering 
              services. These services can be broadly divided into three categories 
              namely structural engineering services, ground engineering services 
              and special construction services. Structural engineering services 
              generally refers to specialist services for building and civil structures, 
              while ground engineering services generally refer to specialist 
              services related to soils and to the ground. The special construction 
              projects undertaken by the Company are those requiring a greater 
              level of specialist contracting and engineering knowledge. These 
              include design-and-build projects.
Website: www.presscrete.com


Tritech 
                  Consultants Pte Ltd
 






A civil and geotechnical specialist consultant 
              firm. The Company was established in Year 1999 by a pool of specialist 
              engineers with strong practical and research background. It is formed 
              by qualified professional engineers and specialists with many years 
              of consulting and design practices in Singapore, Malaysia, United 
              Kingdom and China. The Company is registered with Professional Engineer 
              Board of Singapore as a Licensed Corporation for civil engineering 
              services. The Company is also registered with the Singapore Finance 
              Ministry EPPU Grade S7, and eligible to tender for public project 
              with consultation fee up to S$ 5,000,000.00.
Website: www.tritech.com.sg/consultants/


Tritech 
                  Geotechnic Pte Ltd
 






A design and build ground engineering specialist 
              contractor. It was established in Year 2001, and managed by a team 
              of specialist geotechnical engineers, who has many years of civil 
              engineering experiences in Singapore and overseas. The Company’s 
              strength is to provide sharp, value-added, buildable and safe ground 
              engineering services for clients.
Website: www.tritech.com.sg/geotechnic/


Tritech 
				Instruments Pte Ltd
 






An exclusive source for the supply, installation, 
              commission and calibration of all Geokon’s products in Singapore. 
              The Company was established in Year 2001, and is formed by experienced 
              engineers and specialists with many years of instrumentation practices 
              in Singapore, Malaysia and China.



Terra Tritech 
                  Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd
 






A specialist contractor in design and build ground 
              engineering, and geotechnical and structural health instrumentation 
              & monitoring, and geotechnical investigation and testing. The 
              Company was established in Year 2000 in Malaysia, and is formed 
              up by specialist civil & geotechnical engineers with many years 
              practices in Malaysia, Singapore and China.



Tritech VaVie Health Care Technologies Co Ltd
 






The company is committed to the development, production of high quality water purifiers and water dispensers taking health care as its highest priority. Alkaline bottled water is also being produced, laying emphasis on drinking purified water for a healthy lifestyle.
Website: www.vavie.com.cn


Tritech (Qingdao) Membrane Industry Co Ltd
 






A wholly owned subsidiary of Tritech Group 
              Limited who is a specialist in production of membranes for use in 
              waste treatment systems and water treatment system. The company was 
              established in Qingdao Jiaonan, China and managed by a team of 
            highly qualified professionals.
Website: www.tritechgrp.cn


SysEng (S) Pte Ltd
 






A specialist electric & electronic contractor 
              specialized in factory test & automation system, freight tracking 
              system, and remote real time monitoring System. The systems are 
              developed based on the most updated technologies of M2M (Machine 
              to Machine), wireless communication and internet and intelligent 
              sensors. The Company was established in Year 2004, and is the founding 
              member in M2M consortium, Singapore Industrial Automation Association.
Website: www.syseng.com.sg



Tritech 
                  Water Technologies Pte Ltd
 






A high technology company with specialization in 
              water treatment business by providing technology-based innovative 
              solutions. The Company was established in 2004 by technically qualified 
              and experienced professionals, and driven by the strong desire for 
              seeking a technology-innovative and cost-effective solutions to 
              the water shortage faced by the world nowadays. The scope of business 
              includes R&D, consultancy, design & build, operation and 
              management related to water treatment, water supply, seawater desalination, 
              groundwater abstraction, water resources and environment, and the 
              allied products.
Website: www.tritechwater.com.sg


Beijing 
                  WiseTec Technologies Co. Ltd, China
 






A high-technology real time remote monitoring product 
              manufacturer and specialist contractor. The Company was established 
              in Year 2004 in Beijing, China. The products are developed by integrating 
              with the most updated technologies in the world, such as M2M (Machine 
              to Machine), wireless communication, internet and intelligent sensors. 
              The products have been successfully utilized in many countries in 
              the areas of building & infrastructure construction, transportation, 
              hydropower plant, manufacturing factory and oil industry.
Website: www.watermonitor-online.com


Anhui Clean Environmental Biotechnology Co Ltd
 






Anhui Clean Environmental Biotechnology Co., Ltd. is a water treatment business company with  core set of environmental technology development, application and equipment manufacturing and project contracting of high-tech enterprises. Companies in the field of environmental engineering, municipal water supply and drainage and landfill leachate treatment establish a broad partnership to ensure that the company's advanced technology and reliability of product quality can be put to the best use. In 2004 the company was awarded the "high-tech enterprises," the title of Anhui Province Science and Technology Agency. In wastewater treatment, the Company has completed various projects over a hundred items in the design of wastewater treatment, construction, commissioning, etc. The company not only has a wealth of experience in engineering practice, but also rely on the excellent quality of construction and technical services with customers to establish a good cooperative relationship. 
Website: www.ahclean.com




Geosoft 
                  Pte Ltd
 






A geotechnical design software developer. The Company 
              was established in Year 2005. The software is developed by a group 
              of practicing engineers, meant for practical and academic applications 
              in geotechnical engineering. The product, GeoFEA, is intended for 
              2D and 3D analysis of deformation, stability and pore-pressure determination 
              in geotechnical engineering, and can be used for professional engineers, 
              consultants, specialists and researchers, in the area of ground 
              improvement, foundation engineering and tunnel construction, with 
              friendly graphical user interfaces and robust, high-quality computational 
              engine. Because the development team is both the designer and user 
              of our software, the expectation of practicing engineers in software 
              tools can always be satisfied.
Website: www.tritech.com.sg/geosoft/
 
 









 







 














Tritech Group Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 12:33 PM ET
Construction and Engineering

Company Overview of Tritech Group Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Tritech Group Ltd. designs, fabricates, installs, and services water and wastewater treatment systems for municipal governments and the private industry primarily in British Columbia and Alberta. The company offers electrical kiosks and control panels, as well as related custom appurtenances; and piping and pumping equipment, cable trays, handrails, and other related equipment. It also offers system design services, including preliminary engineering, CAD drawings and specifications, custom designs and solutions, design modifications, process design, and product selection; project management services that include contract administration, bonding, insurance and permits, quality control, schedu...
Tritech Group Ltd. designs, fabricates, installs, and services water and wastewater treatment systems for municipal governments and the private industry primarily in British Columbia and Alberta. The company offers electrical kiosks and control panels, as well as related custom appurtenances; and piping and pumping equipment, cable trays, handrails, and other related equipment. It also offers system design services, including preliminary engineering, CAD drawings and specifications, custom designs and solutions, design modifications, process design, and product selection; project management services that include contract administration, bonding, insurance and permits, quality control, scheduling and coordination, training, and shop drawing preparation; and construction services, which comprise site supervision and inspection, excavation and site preparation, traffic control, installation of underground utilities, building construction and concrete, and design-build project management. In addition, the company provides instrumentation and control services, such as PLC programming and integration, SCADA systems and communications, instrument installation and calibration, and CSA control panel manufacturing; electrical services that include design and installation, system troubleshooting and testing, hydro and communication installation, motor control center integration, and supply and installation of generator and UPS systems; mechanical services, including design, manufacture and installation, fabrication and process piping, equipment testing, welding procedures and quality control, and product research; and field support services, which comprise start-up and commissioning, training, operational support, and troubleshooting and maintenance. It serves water supply and distribution, water treatment, wastewater collection and treatment, pump stations, and instrumentation controls and automation projects. The company was founded in 1989 and is based in Langley, Canada.
Detailed Description


5413 - 271 StreetLangley, BC V4W 3Y7CanadaFounded in 1989



Phone: 604-607-8878

Fax: 604-607-8872

www.tritechgroup.ca







Key Executives for Tritech Group Ltd.




 Jack Gill A.Sc.T.


      	President
      








 Lucky Bains


      	Chief Scientific Officer and Production Coordinator
      








 David Lambert


      	Chief Estimator and Project Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2186774 Ontario Inc. Americas 2231604 Ontario, Inc. Americas 2242749 Ontario Limited Americas 284735 Alberta Ltd. Americas 379778 Alberta Corporation Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Tritech Group Ltd., please visit www.tritechgroup.ca.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Tritech - Financial Report | Annual Revenue | Stock































































RPC


























Product Design & Development Consultancy | Triteq Product Development Oxfordshire























































Skip to content























Search for:






making products happen start with how












How do we work to produce great products? We apply design thinking, identification of user needs, funding support, prototype build, software and electronic design. Our smart in-house team dig deep and make sure we ask the right questions. That’s the “how” in our commitment to design innovative, successful CE marked products.
We create new products and improve existing ones, working with start-ups, universities, SME’s, corporates and investors – individuals with bright ideas and companies who need to look at new markets. Our experience in the strictly regulated medical environment ensures we work at a high level and our processes are supported by ISO9001,14001 and 13485.

We follow a process of Design for Manufacture – a process that begins with the end in mind. Design for Manufacture ensures that the end product can be manufactured achieving targets for quality, reliability, regulatory compliance and time to market.
We use design thinking to achieve functionality and form to benefit the needs of the user– selecting the appropriate materials and engineering your product to achieve its purpose. Our process is circular – research, design, feedback, prototype, test, measure and assess.
Our teams apply their knowledge of design thinking, product design, technology, regulatory requirements and prototyping to produce outstanding products.
Read more about our integrated product design process, spanning product design, research and feasibility, prototyping, production and regulatory advice.

meet?









ZedScan
 

AP@Home
 

Nebulaskin
 





The Triteq Difference
For 25 years, Triteq has been designing and developing products. We work with our clients to develop ideas into brilliant products. Products that have the potential to create positive impacts on lives and enhance the way we live and work within our environment. Achieving maximum ROI and impact.
Our approach is human centred and design led, underpinned by strong technical skills and experience. Our thoroughly integrated capabilities, together with our in-house prototyping and production facilities allow us to deliver over and above our competitors.
We are focused on ensuring required regulatory compliance, up to safety critical medical standards. We facilitate the commercialisation of emerging technologies and new ideas, from concept to prototype to production… and anything in between. Contact us to arrange your visit today.
Expertise









 product design & development for:
 Start-Ups
Medical Technology
Digital Health
Consumer




  Triteq say goodbye to Jessica and Luke
Triteq say thank you and farewell to Luke and Jess, our two graduate placements as they leave Triteq and return to university. Angela Hobbs, Managing Director “It has been a pleasure to work with Jess and Luke for the past… more

  Precision Medicine and Digital Health, Technology Showcase, Oxford
Triteq co-sponsored the Precision Medicine and Digital Health, Technology Showcase at the Said Business School, Oxford. The event focused on precision medicine, digital health, and wearable products. The afternoon’s showcase consisted of various presentations by leading scientists, business, and healthcare… more

  Venturefest Manchester
Venturefest nurtures and promotes its own local innovation eco-system. Each celebrates successful new and growing businesses and facilitates interaction between innovators, entrepreneurs and investors to drive the development of new business opportunities.
View all events













We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume that you are happy to receive these cookies. Find out more.Okay, thank you








Ms. Tritech Group Ltd - Supplier | India | Import Genius
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French










			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 





Ms. Tritech Group Ltd

Ms Tritech Group Ltd is an overseas supplier in United Kingdom that exports products to Uni Deritend Limited.        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Ms. Tritech Group Ltd and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database


 QUSAI INTERNATIONAL TRADING CO                            

 CTS INDUSTRIES PTE LTD                            

 M/S. EISENWERK SULZAU-WERFEN                            

 JIANGSU SENXUAN PHARMACEUTICAL & CH                            

 SHENZHEN PROFESSIONAL SECURITY TECH                            
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Ms. Tritech Group Ltd
Ms Tritech Group Ltd is an overseas supplier in United Kingdom that exports products to Uni Deritend Limited.


            Bill of Lading        





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



Ms Tritech Group Ltd


Uni Deritend Limited



Origin
Destination



United Kingdom


India



Product Description





                                        0101035 TIBORAL 6 GRAIN REFINER TABLET (FOR CAPTIVE CONSUMPT ION) (520.00 KGS)                                    

                                        0101035 TIBORAL 6 GRAIN REFINER TABLET (FOR CAPTIVE CONSUMPT ION) (520.00 KGS)                                    









Arrival Date2017-04-29HS Code28230090Quantity / Unit630.00 / PCS 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Ms. Tritech Group Ltd Join Now








How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Receive free shipment alerts by email whenever Ms. Tritech Group Ltd clears a shipment through customs.                        

Processing, please wait ...







Submit












Contact Ms. Tritech Group Ltd










 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 




Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.









Ms. Tritech Group Ltd
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 16,265,903 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In






















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields





Schedule Live Demo







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 






Ready for a live demo?
Fill out this form and we'll contact you right away to set up a live demo of Import Genius.


Schedule Live Demo



Processing, please wait ...





Name

Tell us your Full Name


Email

Enter a valid email address


Phone

Enter valid phone number


Preferred Date

Let us know your preferred date


Preferred Time (In Your Country)

01:00 am
01:30 am
02:00 am
02:30 am
03:00 am
03:30 am
04:00 am
04:30 am
05:00 am
05:30 am
06:00 am
06:30 am
07:00 am
07:30 am
08:00 am
08:30 am
09:00 am
09:30 am
10:00 am
10:30 am
11:00 am
11:30 am
12:00 am
12:30 am
01:00 pm
01:30 pm
02:00 pm
02:30 pm
03:00 pm
03:30 pm
04:00 pm
04:30 pm
05:00 pm
05:30 pm
06:00 pm
06:30 pm
07:00 pm
07:30 pm
08:00 pm
08:30 pm
09:00 pm
09:30 pm
10:00 pm
10:30 pm
11:00 pm
11:30 pm
12:00 pm

Let us know your preferred time


Country

Required


Timezone

Required


What data are you interested in?

Let us know what you are most interested to learn



Submit



 















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Great Western Mfg. Co Inc.                                



                                    Jaycee Punching Solutions (p) Ltd.,                                



                                    M/s Airsep Corporation,,,                                



                                    M/s. Cornaglia S.p.a.                                



                                    Avk Valves India Private Limited                                











                     
                                            16,265,903  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.5101
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















