 




Research - InvestSMART


























































        Home
    



        Research
    













Research













Alerts








Markets Today


























Top Performing











Market Indices




















×













 Please check the following:

{{x.value}}





×
                                {{ successMessage}}
                            




{{content.question}}






{{ twilioFailed ? 'SMS Code Failed to Send…' : 'An SMS verification code has been sent ...' }}



Log in to get started

Eureka Report
InvestSMART
Intelligent Investor



Hi {{ user.FirstName }}
Looks like you have already taken a free trial 














                                            Email is required.
                                        

                                            Email must be a valid email.
                                        






                                            Password is required.
                                        






                                            First name is required.
                                        






                                            Last name is required.
                                        






                                            Mobile phone number is required.
                                        






 I have read InvestSMART's Financial Services Guide and Privacy Policy, and agree to the Terms & Conditions.
                                        

                                            You must accept the terms and conditions.
                                        



What emails do members receive?






×
Email Communications



By default members will receive the following communications via email. At any time, once logged in, you can choose which emails your wish to receive (or not) via the My Details section:
Research & Wealth Insights
Mid-week update - Lists all the research and recommendations from the week.
Weekend Briefing - An overview of the week gone and what to expect in the week to come.
Portfolio Updates
If you add your investments to the portfolio manager you will also receive regular updates including; recommendations, alerts, market pricing, dividends, profit & loss and your overall net wealth.
Exclusive Opportunities
Featured reports, invites to investor seminars and events, plus exclusive offers.
Operational communications
As an InvestSMART group member, you will occasionally receive operational updates. These could be about new features, changes to your membership, security information, or general business updates.




 



 {{content.mainButtonText}} 

OR







Already a member? Login








We have sent you a code via SMS to {{user.DayPhone}}
please enter this code below to complete your SMS verification


We cannot send you a code via SMS to {{user.DayPhone}}










Complete verification

If you didn't receive SMS code please 



SMS code cannot be sent due to: {{ twilioStatus }}

Please select one of the options below: 

Resend Code
Change number




 Looks you are already a member. Please enter your password to proceed 



You have entered an incorrect email or password





                                            Email is required.
                                        

                                            Email must be a valid email.
                                        






                                            Password is required.
                                        






Remember me


Please untick this box when using a public or shared device




Login

OR



Not a member?





Forgotten password? Click here






Verify your mobile number to proceed...
Please check your mobile number below and press the Send Verification Code button. This will be used to complete your verification in the next step.








SEND VERIFICATION CODE





Please sign up for full access 


Sign up now







 Updating information 
Please wait ...  







Trial






                    {{ productPrice }} / day


( GST included )






 
{{ applyText }}







Price
$0


Discount
-{{productDiscount}}


GST
{{productGST}}


TOTAL     (inc. GST)
{{productPrice}}





























01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12









17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
























Make payment
Proceed






Maybe later







Please click on the ACTIVATE button to finalise your membership



Activate








The email address you entered is registered with InvestSMART.
Login or to reset your password, select Forgotten password





You have entered an incorrect email or password





                                            Email is required.
                                        

                                            Email must be a valid email.
                                        






                                            Password is required.
                                        






Remember me


Please untick this box when using a public or shared device




Login

OR



Not a member?





Forgotten password? Click here


















Eureka Report
InvestSMART
Intelligent Investor















































 


Privacy Policy | Eclipse






















































best live chat

















Australia






United States





New Zealand





Fiji





Canada












Australia






United States





New Zealand





Fiji





Canada





1300 660 471























Solutions





Microsoft Solutions


Microsoft Cloud


Microsoft Dynamics 365


Microsoft Dynamics AX


Microsoft Dynamics NAV


Microsoft Dynamics GP


Microsoft Dynamics CRM


Exceed Analytics


Office 365






Other solutions for...



Enterprise Resource Planning


Dynamics AX


Dynamics NAV


Dynamics GP


Infor SunSystems


e5





Customer Relationship Management


Microsoft Dynamics CRM


Dynamics CRM Online


Aptean Respond


Aptean Pivotal CRM





Business Process Management


MAVIM


Process Suites for Dynamics


BlackLine





Collaboration & BI


Exceed Analytics


SharePoint


Sharperlight


Solver BI360


TM1


ZAP BI





Business Solutions


Daxeam


PayGlobal (Pacific only)


PROACTIS


ReQlogic


ReadSoft


Tenrox





Database Management


RockSolid SQL








Industries






Retail


Distribution


Manufacturing





Other Industries


Education


Financial Services


Mining & Resources


Wine Management






Services






Business Services


Engagement Process


Enterprise Services






Blog






News






About Us






Our Leaders


Our Awards


Our Partners


Events






Careers & Culture






Great Culture


Fantastic People


Great Benefits


Projects & Customers


Current Opportunities






Customer Support






Contact


eSupport


Training






Contact Us



 






Privacy Policy




PRIVACY POLICY



DXC Technology is committed to protecting the privacy of all the individuals it deals with.  This document sets out our policy on handling personal information.
If you are a DXC Technology employee or contractor you should refer to the “DXC Technology Privacy Statement for Staff” for more specific details on how DXC Technology handles your personal information.

What kinds of personal information does DXC Technology collect? How is it collected? What is it used for?
DXC Technology is in the business of providing IT products and services to business customers.  The following table lists the main types of personal information collected by DXC Technology, how it is collected, and the purposes for which it is used.
 



Personal information

How it is collected

What it is used for


Information such as names, business contact details and dealings with suppliers and potential suppliers to DXC Technology (collectively “suppliers”).



through suppliers’ advertisements, emails
and order forms when suppliers offer or
sell goods and services to DXC Technology





to administer DXC Technology’s dealings and potential dealings with suppliers of products and services







Information such as names, business contact details, professional and
business details of customers and potential customers, and their dealings with DXC Technology.



from customers when asking DXC Technology to respond to  tenders and other requests
for DXC Technology’s products and services
from customers when DXC Technology is providing products and services to them
by DXC Technology account staff for customer administration such as invoicing
marketing and sales staff may collect information volunteered by individuals during trade shows, conferences,
industry networking events and product demonstrations





to supply products and services
to administer DXC Technology’s dealings and potential dealings with customers
where permitted by privacy law, to market our products and services







Information such as names and contact details of persons who contact DXC Technology with requests for information.



details entered by the enquirer into
DXC Technology’s website
sales and account staff may collect information should an existing or potential customer request further information
from DXC Technology





to respond to those requests
where permitted by privacy law, to market our products and services







Information about applicants for employment or contractual positions with DXC Technology.



from interview responses, CVs, referees, previous employers, recruitment agents, and history and details from relevant educational institutions and contracting agencies





to assess those applications for employment or contractual position







Information about DXC Technology’s employees and contractors relevant to their employment or contract with DXC Technology.



as above through the hiring process
from staff directly, such as emergency contact, salary banking details from
DXC Technology’s IT systems,
from other DXC Technology staff and customers’ staff (for example from asset usage monitoring reports, performance measurement)
as required by customers in connection with their operations





to fulfil DXC Technology’s responsibilities as employer and contractor
to fulfil DXC Technology’s responsibilities to its customers







Information such as identification numbers and security footage.



by scanners at security doors
through video surveillance images





to provide a safe and secure environment for DXC Technology staff and visitors
to provide security for DXC Technology facilities and assets







Customers’ information for storage
or handling in connection with cloud, outsourcing and systems management services.



when DXC Technology’s customers transfer information, or require DXC Technology to transfer customers’ information, into DXC Technology’s IT environment





to fulfil DXC Technology’s contractual responsibilities to its customers





 

How does DXC Technology handle personal information?

Applicable laws: DXC Technology is bound by the Australian Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act 1988 and other applicable laws governing privacy.  Where appropriate, DXC Technology may handle personal information relying on the related bodies corporate exemption and the employee records exemption in the Privacy Act and any other applicable exemptions in other legislation.
How is it held? Personal information held by DXC Technology is stored on DXC Technology’s and its related companies’ internal IT infrastructure.  In some circumstances, it may be held on a third party’s infrastructure, as further described in this policy.  Where appropriate, access to personal information by DXC Technology staff is limited to those individuals with a relevant requirement for access.
Who is the personal information disclosed to? As a general rule, DXC Technology will not disclose personal information to any third parties except:- to related companies of DXC Technology, for the same kinds of purposes as listed above (as well as for general backing-up of DXC Technology’s local servers);
– to third parties engaged to provide services in connection with the purposes mentioned above (eg. cloud third party service providers with whom DXC Technology has partnerships, for administration of marketing communications, for technical services and maintenance on infrastructure used to hold information, to reference check job applicants);
– to another company to ensure continuity of service if the supply of the product or service has been transferred to that company; and
– if it is otherwise permitted or required by the Privacy Act or any other law.
Does DXC Technology disclose personal information offshore? Personal information may be transferred or disclosed overseas for the purposes and processes described in this policy (eg: to back-up DXC Technology’s local systems, in connection with fulfillment of contracts with our customers, to a cloud environment controlled by an offshore DXC Technology cloud services partner, for administration of accounts payable, for administration of international customer dealings, for potential overseas work opportunities).
Where is the offshore recipient likely to be located? If DXC Technology transfers personal information offshore from Australia, the destination will usually be one or more of the USA, Canada, and countries in the European and Asian regions.

How can I access my personal information or make a complaint?
To the extent you are entitled under the Privacy Act and other applicable laws, you can:

 access (and where necessary seek correction of) your personal information held by DXC Technology; and
 complain if you consider DXC Technology has breached its privacy obligations,

by contacting the DXC Technology Australia Legal Department (contact details below) in writing.
Any complaint about a privacy issue will be reviewed and, where appropriate, investigated by DXC Technology legal staff and/or other appropriately senior DXC Technology staff.  A written response to the complaint will be forthcoming to the person who lodged the complaint within a reasonable time (depending upon the nature of the complaint and the issues and logistics involved with its investigation).
At DXC Technology we also welcome any suggestions for how we can improve our personal information handling processes.  Please send your comments or suggestions to the DXC Technology Australia Legal Department.
DXC Technology Australia Legal Department
The DXC Technology Australia Legal Department can be contacted by:

sending an email including in the subject line “Privacy Issue – Australia” to ethics@dxc.com;
sending a letter to The General Counsel, DXC Technology Australia Pty Ltd, 26 Talavera Road, Macquarie Park  NSW 2113; or
sending a fax to +61 (0)2 9034 2198.

Consent
By providing DXC Technology with personal information, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this policy.
Changes to this policy
DXC Technology may vary this policy from time to time. The most current version of this policy (the “DXC Technology Australia Privacy Policy”) will be published at www.dxc.com/au or can be obtained by contacting the DXC Technology Australia Legal Department. We encourage you to check the policy regularly. We will not separately notify you of changes to it.
Definitions
The terms “personal information” and “employee record” are used in this document with the meanings given to them in the Privacy Act 1988. To summarise their meaning:
personal information means information or an opinion, in whatever form including a database, whether true or not, from which your identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained.
employee record means personal information relating to the employment of an employee, for example:

health information;
engagement, training, disciplining or resignation;
termination of employment;
terms and conditions of employment;
hours of employment and salary or wages;
recreation, long service, sick, personal, maternity, paternity or other leave;
taxation, banking or superannuation affairs.
personal and emergency contact details;
performance or conduct; or
membership of a professional or trade association or trade union.

All references to “DXC Technology”, “we”, “us”, or “our” in this document means DXC Technology Australia Pty Limited (ACN 008 476 944) and its related bodies corporates registered in Australia.
© DXC Technology Australia Pty Ltd 2014 -2017






















OPNSC | UXC LIMITED








































Partners | Oracle







Oracle

Country
Country
Communities
I am a...
I want to...


Welcome
Account
Sign Out
Sign In/Register
Help














Products




Solutions




Downloads




Store




Support




Training




Partners




About




OTN









 Back
                  UXC LIMITED
                
                   GPO Box 2238T,
                  
                  
                   Melbourne,
                   VIC
                      
                           3001
                      

                              Australia  
 
              |Map ItView Phone Number+61282705500|Have UXC LIMITED Call You|www.uxc.com.au
OverviewSpecializationsOverview
DetailsThe Partner is recognized by Oracle for:SpecializationsPartner Membership Level
                          Platinum
                       Partner Membership Location
                       Australia
                    Number of Employees1499SpecializationsOracle PartnerNetwork Specialized Partners












Video: Customers Value Specialized Partners - Find Out Why  (2:19)


Advanced SpecializationsApplications
                                            Advanced Specialization Oracle EBS R12.1 Financial Management
                                            
                                            This partner has achieved Advanced Specialization, demonstrating their depth of implementation expertise and capabilities with 50 or more Oracle Certified Implementation Specialists in this product area. Adv Spec: Oracle EBS R12.1 Financial Management
                                            
                                            Advanced Specialization Oracle EBS R12.1 Supply Chain Management
                                            
                                            This partner has achieved Advanced Specialization, demonstrating their depth of implementation expertise and capabilities with 50 or more Oracle Certified Implementation Specialists in this product area. Adv Spec: Oracle EBS R12.1 Supply Chain Management
                                            
                                            Advanced Specialization PeopleSoft 9.1 Human Capital Management
                                            
                                            This partner has achieved Advanced Specialization, demonstrating their depth of implementation expertise and capabilities with 50 or more Oracle Certified Implementation Specialists in this product area. Adv Spec: PeopleSoft 9.1 Human Capital Management
                                            
                                            Advanced Specialization PeopleSoft PeopleTools 8.5x
                                            
                                            This partner has achieved Advanced Specialization, demonstrating their depth of implementation expertise and capabilities with 50 or more Oracle Certified Implementation Specialists in this product area. Adv Spec: PeopleSoft PeopleTools 8.5x
                                            Database
                                            Advanced Specialization Oracle Database 11g
                                            
                                            This partner has achieved Advanced Specialization, demonstrating their depth of implementation expertise and capabilities with 50 or more Oracle Certified Implementation Specialists in this product area. Adv Spec: Oracle Database 11g
                                            
                                            Advanced Specialization Oracle Real Application Clusters 11g
                                            
                                            This partner has achieved Advanced Specialization, demonstrating their depth of implementation expertise and capabilities with 50 or more Oracle Certified Implementation Specialists in this product area. Adv Spec: Oracle Real Application Clusters 11g
                                            Middleware
                                            Advanced Specialization Java Platform - Standard Edition 5/6
                                            
                                            This partner has achieved Advanced Specialization, demonstrating their depth of implementation expertise and capabilities with 50 or more Oracle Certified Implementation Specialists in this product area. Adv Spec: Java Platform - Standard Edition 5/6
                                            
                                            Advanced Specialization Oracle Business Intelligence Foundation 10
                                            
                                            This partner has achieved Advanced Specialization, demonstrating their depth of implementation expertise and capabilities with 50 or more Oracle Certified Implementation Specialists in this product area. Adv Spec: Oracle Business Intelligence Foundation 10
                                            
                                            Advanced Specialization Oracle SOA Suite 11g
                                            
                                            This partner has achieved Advanced Specialization, demonstrating their depth of implementation expertise and capabilities with 50 or more Oracle Certified Implementation Specialists in this product area. Adv Spec: Oracle SOA Suite 11g
                                            Server And Storage Systems
                                            Advanced Specialization Oracle Solaris 10
                                            
                                            This partner has achieved Advanced Specialization, demonstrating their depth of implementation expertise and capabilities with 50 or more Oracle Certified Implementation Specialists in this product area. Adv Spec: Oracle Solaris 10
                                            Partner SpecializationsApplications
                                            JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 9.0 CNC
                                            
                                            The JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 9.0 Configurable Network Computing (CNC) Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing 9.0 CNC modules.
                                            
                                            JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 9.0 Financial Management
                                            
                                            The JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 9.0 Financial Management Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing EnterpriseOne 9.0 Financial modules.
                                            
                                            Oracle CRM OnDemand
                                            
                                            The Oracle CRM On Demand Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle CRM On Demand modules.
                                            
                                            Oracle Documaker 12
                                            
                                            The Oracle Documaker 12 Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling and/or implementing Oracle Documaker 12 solutions.
                                            
                                            Oracle EBS R12.1 Financial Management
                                            
                                            The Oracle E-Business Suite (Oracle EBS) R12.1 Financial Management Specialization recognizes partners who are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle EBS R12.1 Financial Management modules.
                                            
                                            Oracle EBS R12.1 Human Capital Management
                                            
                                            The Oracle E-Business Suite (Oracle EBS) R12.1 Human Capital Management (HCM) Specialization recognizes partners who are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle EBS R12.1 HCM.
                                            
                                            Oracle EBS R12.1 Supply Chain Management
                                            
                                            The Oracle E-Business Suite (Oracle EBS) R12.1 Supply Chain Management (SCM) Specialization recognizes partners who organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle EBS R12.1 SCM.
                                            
                                            Oracle Hyperion Financial Management 11
                                            
                                            The Oracle Hyperion Financial Management 11 Specialization recognizes partners who are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle Hyperion Financial Management 11 solutions.
                                            
                                            PeopleSoft 9.1 Financial Management
                                            
                                            The PeopleSoft 9.1 Financial Management Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing PeopleSoft 9.1 Financial Management modules.
                                            
                                            PeopleSoft 9.1 Human Capital Management
                                            
                                            The PeopleSoft 9.1 Human Capital Management (HCM) Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing PeopleSoft 9.1 HCM modules.
                                            
                                            PeopleSoft PeopleTools 8.5x
                                            
                                            The PeopleSoft PeopleTools 8.5x Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing PeopleSoft PeopleTools 8.5x modules.
                                            Cloud Services
                                            Oracle Hyperion Planning 11
                                            
                                            The Oracle Hyperion Planning 11 Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle Hyperion Planning 11 solutions.
                                            Database
                                            MySQL 5
                                            
                                            The MySQL 5 Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing, developing and deploying applications using MySQL 5.
                                            
                                            Oracle Database 11g
                                            
                                            The Oracle Database 11g Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle Database 11g solutions.
                                            
                                            Oracle Database 11g Performance Tuning
                                            
                                            The Oracle Database 11g Performance Tuning Specialization recognizes partners ,who are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle Database 11g Performance Tuning solutions.
                                            
                                            Oracle Database 11g Data Warehousing
                                            
                                            The Oracle Database 11g Data Warehousing Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle Database 11g Data Warehousing solutions.
                                            
                                            Oracle Enterprise Manager 11g
                                            
                                            The Oracle Enterprise Manager 11g Specialization recognizes partners proficient in selling, developing, implementing and/or managing with Enterprise Manager 11g technology.
                                            
                                            Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c
                                            
                                            The Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c solutions.
                                            
                                            Oracle Real Application Clusters 11g
                                            
                                            The Oracle Real Application Clusters 11g Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle Real Application Clusters 11g solutions.
                                            Engineered Systems
                                            Exadata Database Machine Models X2-2 and X2-8
                                            
                                            The Exadata Database Machine Models X2-2 and X2-8 Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle Exadata solutions.
                                            
                                            Exalogic Elastic Cloud X2-2
                                            
                                            The Exalogic Elastic Cloud X2-2 Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling and implementing Exalogic Elastic Cloud X2-2.
                                            Industries
                                            Aerospace and Defense
                                            
                                            The Aerospace and Defense Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to the Aerospace and Defense Industry.
                                            
                                            Automotive
                                            
                                            The Automotive Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to solve the unique needs of the Automotive Industry.
                                            
                                            Communications
                                            
                                            The Communications Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to solve the needs of the Communications Industry.
                                            
                                            Consumer Goods
                                            
                                            The Consumer Goods Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to solve the needs of the Consumer Goods Industry.
                                            
                                            Financial Services
                                            
                                            The Financial Services Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to the Financial Services Industry.
                                            
                                            Healthcare
                                            
                                            The Healthcare Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to solve the unique needs of the Healthcare Industry.
                                            
                                            Industrial Manufacturing
                                            
                                            The Industrial Manufacturing Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to the Industrial Manufacturing Industry.
                                            
                                            Life Sciences
                                            
                                            The Life Sciences Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to solve the needs of the Life Sciences Industry.
                                            
                                            Media and Entertainment
                                            
                                            The Media and Entertainment Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to the Media and Entertainment Industry.
                                            
                                            Natural Resources
                                            
                                            The Natural Resources Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to the Natural Resources Industry.
                                            
                                            Oil and Gas
                                            
                                            The Oil and Gas Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to solve the unique needs of the Oil and Gas Industry.
                                            
                                            Professional Services
                                            
                                            The Professional Services Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to the Professional Services Industry.
                                            
                                            Public Sector
                                            
                                            The Public Sector Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to the Public Sector Industry.
                                            
                                            Travel and Transportation
                                            
                                            The Travel and Transportation (T&T) Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to the T&T Industry.
                                            
                                            Wholesale Distribution
                                            
                                            The Wholesale Distribution Industry Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in applying Oracle’s hardware and software solutions to the Wholesale Distribution Industry.
                                            Middleware
                                            Java Platform - Enterprise Edition 6
                                            
                                            The Java Platform - Enterprise Edition 6 Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing, developing and deploying Java Enterprise 6 applications.
                                            
                                            Java Platform - Standard Edition 5/6
                                            
                                            The Java Platform, - Standard Edition 5/6 Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing, developing and/or deploying Java applications on desktops and servers.
                                            
                                            Oracle Business Intelligence Applications 7
                                            
                                            The Oracle Business Intelligence (BI) Applications 7 Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle BI Applications 7 solutions.
                                            
                                            Oracle Business Intelligence Foundation 10
                                            
                                            The Oracle Business Intelligence Foundation 10 Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling and/or implementing Oracle Business Intelligence Foundation 10 solutions.
                                            
                                            Oracle Essbase 11
                                            
                                            The Oracle Essbase 11 Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle Essbase 11 solutions.
                                            
                                            Oracle SOA Suite 11g
                                            
                                            The Oracle SOA Suite 11g Specialization recognizes partners who are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle SOA Suite 11g solutions.
                                            
                                            Oracle WebCenter Content 11g
                                            
                                            The Oracle WebCenter Content 11g Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle WebCenter Content 11g solutions.
                                            
                                            Oracle WebLogic Server 12c
                                            
                                            The Oracle WebLogic Server 12c Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle WebLogic Server 12c solutions
                                            Server And Storage Systems
                                            SPARC T2 and T3-Based Servers
                                            
                                            The SPARC T2 and T3-Based Servers Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling and implementing  SPARC T2 and T3-Based Server solutions.
                                            
                                            Oracle Linux 5
                                            
                                            The Oracle Linux 5 Specialization recognizes partner organizations that include Oracle Linux in their solutions and resell support available through the Oracle Linux support program.
                                            
                                            Oracle Solaris 10
                                            
                                            The Oracle Solaris 10 Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle Solaris 10 solutions.
                                            
                                            Oracle Solaris 11
                                            
                                            The Oracle Solaris 11 Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling, implementing and/or developing Oracle Solaris 11 solutions.
                                            
                                            Oracle Solaris Cluster 3.x
                                            
                                            The Oracle Solaris Cluster 3.x Specialization recognizes partners that have demonstrated proficiency in the sales and implementation of Oracle Solaris 3.x Cluster.
                                            
                                            SPARC Enterprise Entry-Midrange M-Series Servers
                                            
                                            The SPARC Enterprise Entry-Midrange M-Series Servers Specialization recognizes partners who are proficient in selling and implementing these SPARC Enterprise Server solutions.
                                            
                                            SPARC Enterprise High-End M-Series Servers Specialization
                                            
                                            The SPARC Enterprise High-End M-Series Servers Specialization recognizes partner organizations that are proficient in selling and implementing SPARC Enterprise High-End M-Series Server solutions.
                                            










More Information

Contact Help
FAQ
Partner Resources

Manage Profile



The partners listed in the Oracle PartnerNetwork (OPN) Solutions Catalog are part of the Oracle PartnerNetwork Program, however Oracle does not endorse any of the partners or their software, solutions, services or training listed on this site. Oracle disclaims any and all liability arising out of your use of the Oracle PartnerNetwork Solutions Catalog, including use of partners, software, solutions, services and training listed on the site.






 



Oracle Cloud
Learn About Oracle Cloud Computing
Get a Free Trial
Learn About DaaS
Learn About SaaS
Learn About PaaS
Learn About IaaS
Learn About Private Cloud
Learn About Managed Cloud




Java
Learn About Java
Download Java for Consumers
Download Java for Developers
Java Resources for Developers
Java Cloud Service
Java Magazine




Customers and Events
Explore and Read Customer Stories
All Oracle Events
Oracle OpenWorld
JavaOne



E-mail Subscriptions
Subscribe to Oracle Communications
Subscription Center




Communities
Blogs
Discussion Forums
Wikis
Oracle ACEs
User Groups
Social Media Channels




Services and Store
Log In to My Oracle Support
Training and Certification
Become a Partner
Find a Partner Solution
Purchase from the Oracle Store


Contact and Chat
Sales: +1.800.633.0738 
Global Contacts
Oracle Support
Partner Support





 






Integrated Cloud Applications and Platform Services

Subscribe
Careers
Contact Us
Site Maps
Legal Notices
Terms of Use
Privacy



Oracle Mobile


Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google+
YouTube
Oracle RSS Feed




  












	UxC: Product Terms and Conditions



























	Internet Explorer 8 and lower are no longer supported on the UxC Website. Visit here for more information.


	Internet Explorer versions 9 and 10 will soon no longer be supported. Visit here for more information.




Account


 Client Site (log in)
 Log In



×
		Click your name to visit the client site  
	




















				Terms and Conditions of Sale for UxC Off-the-Shelf Reports and Publications
			



Rev. 3 November 20, 2014


All sales of The Ux Consulting Company, LLC (UxC)’s Off-the-Shelf Reports or Publications  (the “Report” or “Reports”) to a Purchaser are subject to and expressly conditioned upon the terms and conditions contained herein.  Purchaser’s agreement with these terms and conditions shall be assumed to take effect upon the occurrence of any one of the following events: a) payment of the related invoice, b) receipt of the subject Report (s), or c) opening an electronic version of the subject Report (s).  If UxC and Purchaser have entered into a separate agreement regarding the purchase of a Report(s), these terms and conditions may also apply:



Copyright Notice – UxC shall have title to, ownership of, and all proprietary rights in the Report(s).  Under United States federal copyright law (17 USC 101 et seq.), it is illegal to reproduce the Report(s), or any portion of, or data contained in the Reports(s), by any means without written permission from UxC.  UxC grants its permission to the Purchaser of any UxC Report to use the data and information within the Report (the “Content”) for its own internal business purposes only.  Under specific written request, UxC may grant permission to the Purchaser to use Content from the Report(s) on a limited basis in materials the Purchaser prepares and distributes to any third party, including the Purchaser’s own clients.  The extent and type of Content permitted for use is totally at UxC’s discretion.  The Purchaser further agrees that it shall provide attribution in its materials distributed to any third party whenever it uses permitted Content from a Report(s).  UxC reserves the right to review the continued use of the permitted Content and has the right to rescind its permission if the Content being used goes beyond the limited Content originally permitted.

Disclaimer – The information contained in each Report is obtained from sources that UxC believes to be reliable.  UxC makes no warranty or representation, express or implied, with respect to the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of the information contained in any Report and UxC, to the maximum extent permitted by law, assumes no liability for the use or effects of any of the information or data contained in a Report(s).

Representations – UxC represents and covenants that it has all necessary intellectual property rights, licenses, consents and regulatory approvals, and is otherwise authorized, to provide the Report(s) to the Purchaser.  UxC shall not be liable for any third party claims arising from the use of a Report(s) by a Purchaser other than breach of intellectual property rights of such party.

Warranty – UxC warrants that personnel possessing competency consistent with applicable industry standards have prepared all of its Report(s).  No other representation, express or implied, and no warranty or guarantee is included or intended for any of its Report(s).  This warranty is made expressly in lieu of all other warranties, express or implied, including without limitation any implied warranties of fitness for a purpose, merchantability, non-infringement, title, or otherwise.

Recommendations – It is UxC’s strict policy not to endorse, promote, or recommend any particular securities, currencies, or other financial products or instruments.  Nothing contained in any UxC Report is intended to constitute investment, legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice and the reader should not rely on the information provided in an UxC Report for making financial decisions.

Liability – UxC shall not be liable to the Purchaser of a Report(s) and Purchaser shall not be liable to UxC for any loss of profit, loss of revenue, loss of investment money, consequential, indirect or incidental damages arising out of or related to the purchase of any of its Report(s), in tort, contract or otherwise, whether such loss or damages could be foreseen by such Purchaser or not.

Redistribution – Except as provided herein, the redistribution of the electronic edition of any Report or Reports is strictly prohibited.  This includes, but is not limited to, forwarding to others using internal or external e-mail systems, Internet distribution or inter-office electronic exchanges.  All electronic copies must be distributed directly by UxC.

Electronic Storage – Without a specific site license, electronic versions of the Report(s) cannot be stored in a system that allows, but is not limited to, general public access or the ability to redistribute the Reports(s).

Payment Terms – Payment by the Purchaser for any Report ordered from UxC is due within 30 (thirty) days of receipt of the invoice received from UxC unless special arrangements have been made.  A Purchaser of a Report may choose to make payment with a valid and active credit card.  A finance charge of 0.5% per month on the unpaid amount of the invoice, may be charged on past due accounts and shall be paid by the Purchaser in case of UxC’s written claim.

Remedy – In the event UxC has not delivered a purchased Report(s) to the Purchaser within a reasonable amount of time following the purchase order, the Purchaser shall first request performance of the delivery from UxC, and, if delivery is still not forthcoming, then the Purchaser’s sole remedy is to request from UxC the return of its payment for the Report(s), which UxC shall do without hesitation.

Cancellation – If a Purchaser cancels a subscription to a newsletter or subscriber service, the Purchaser will receive a prorated refund subject to minimum charges and administrative fees.  Refunds will not be given for individual Reports.

Intellectual Property – If applicable, the Ux U3O8 Price® and other Ux Price indicators that may be contained within a Report(s) are developed by UxC and are proprietary and exclusive intellectual property of UxC.  These price indicators are provided to UxC’s customers through the Ux Weekly® publication and are made available on UxC’s public website solely at UxC’s discretion.  They may not be reproduced or otherwise used without UxC’s express permission.

Trademarks – UxC®, Ux Weekly®, Ux U3O8 Price®, Ux®, and Ux Consulting® are registered trademarks of The Ux Consulting Company, LLC and their use is strictly forbidden by a non-UxC person or entity.

Prices and Taxes – Prices quoted for UxC’s Report(s) are in U.S. dollars and are exclusive of any taxes.  Any use tax, sales tax, excise tax, value added tax, duty, custom or inspection fee or any other tax, fee or charge of any nature imposed by any governmental authority shall be paid by the Purchaser with the exception of any related income tax liability imposed on UxC in connection with the sale of the Report(s). 




For additional information, please contact:
Eric Webb  +1 (770) 642-7745  







BACK TO TOP  | 
		HOME  | 
		SITE MAP   | 
		Contact Us


Ux Consulting Company

Corporate Office:
				1501 MACY DR  |  ROSWELL, GA 30076 USA
PH +1 (770) 642-7745   FX +1 (770) 643-2954
			

				© 2017 The Ux Consulting Company, LLC
				All rights reserved.
Terms of Use












	UxC: Ux Consulting - The Nuclear Fuel Price Reporter





























	Internet Explorer 8 and lower are no longer supported on the UxC Website. Visit here for more information.


	Internet Explorer versions 9 and 10 will soon no longer be supported. Visit here for more information.




Account


 Client Site (log in)
 Log In



×
		Click your name to visit the client site  
	












Ux U3O8 Prices*







		
		What's inside the 


July 31, 2017


				The Decline of U.S. U3O8 Production
				
			


				SCANA decides not to complete two AP1000 reactors in South Carolina
				
			


				Georgia Power assumes responsibility for construction of Vogtle 3 and 4
				
			


				South Korea’s government to re-evaluate costs for nuclear energy
				
			


				KHNP in talks to invest in Horizon Nuclear Power
				
			


				ENEC completes CHT at Barakah 2
				
			


				EDF reports results for first half of 2017
				
			


				Bugey 5 resumes operation in France
				
			


				CGN in discussions with Poland for nuclear plant construction
				
			


				Cameco releases Q2 2017 financial and production results
				
			


				NexGen issues PEA of Arrow Deposit
				
			


				NexGen reports final assays from winter 2017 drill program at Rook I property
				
			


				Peninsula reports Q2 2017 production
				
			


				Bank of Namibia reports uranium sector performance projections
				
			


				UEC extends Burke Hollow drill program
				
			


				Azarga closes C$1.14 million private placement
				
			


				The Market
				
			



UxC Publications

Periodicals:
 Ux Weekly
 SpentFUEL
 StoreFUEL

Market Outlook Reports:
 Uranium Market Outlook 
 Conversion Market Outlook 
 Enrichment Market Outlook 
 Fabrication Market Outlook 

Special Products:
 UxC Training Seminar
 Nuclear Power Outlook
 UxC Requirements Model
 SMR Research Center
 Uranium Suppliers Annual
 UxC's Policy Watch






			The industry's leading source of Publications, Data Services, and Consulting, on the Global Nuclear Fuel Cycle Markets
		








What's NewUraniumConversionEnrichmentFabricationReactorsBackend






Recent Special Reports
 Nuclear Zirconium Alloy Market Outlook - May 2017
 UxC White Paper - Prospects for China's Nuclear Program - Apr 2017
 China’s Nuclear Reactor and Fuel Cycle Markets - Dec 2016
 Uranium Suppliers Annual 2016 - Dec 2016
 Nuclear Industry Value Chain 2016 - May 2016
Market Outlook Report Essays
 The Emerging Production Cost Gap - Q2 2017
 China’s Conversion Industry – Status and Prospects - Dec 2016
 The Increasing Role of EUP Inventories - Q2 2017
 Is There MOX In Your Future? - Jul 2016
 2017 Q2 Nuclear Power Market Trends and Analysis - Q2 2017
 PolicyWatch
May 2, 2017 DOE Issues 2017 Secretarial Determination 
Feb 17, 2017 UK Confirms Intention to Leave Euratom
Feb 1, 2017 NNSA Issues RFI Seeking Interest for Supplies of LEU/HEU
Nov 22, 2016 DOE Agrees to Sell Depleted Uranium to GLE
Oct 7, 2016 Russia Suspends Plutonium Management Disposition Agreement with the U.S. 





UxC's Uranium Market Outlook (UMO) highlights recent developments and their impact on the market.


							Each quarterly report, at over 130 pages, covers key supply and demand developments as well as the 
							overall supply and demand situation, reviews spot and long-term contract activity over the 
							past three months, provides a near-term technical analysis along with detailed spot market 
							indicators, projects prices under different market scenarios with associated probabilities, 
							and examines key developments in the market through a topical essay. 
						

							Also included are a review of recent market activity and a look a current and prospective activity, 
							and a detailed listing of reactor and production developments that promise to shape the future market.
						

Uranium Suppliers Annual


							Sometimes referred to as "The Uranium Bible", the Uranium Suppliers Annual contains comprehensive data and 
							information on all of the world's uranium suppliers, including detailed sections on planned producers and 
							junior/exploration companies.  
						

							Whether you are a utility, producer, trader, or investor, the Uranium Suppliers Annual provides the 
							basis for understanding potential future developments surrounding the availability of supply, particularly 
							since uranium production has continued to be sub-par against a backdrop of growing demand.  In light 
							of the increasing volatile nature of the uranium market, primary and potential suppliers are continuously 
							re-evaluating their properties and future production plans, as well as expanding exploration programs where 
							economically feasible. 
						

Uranium Production Cost Study


							The Uranium Production Cost Study complements UxC's Uranium Market Outlook (UMO) and 
							Uranium Supplier's Annual (USA) in identifying where expanded and new uranium supply will come from among 116 worldwide projects 
							to meet future nuclear fuel demand through 2030. 
						





UxC's Conversion Market Outlook (CMO) details an often overlooked market.


							Each bi-annual report, at over 120 pages, covers key supply and demand developments as well as the 
							overall supply and demand situation, reviews spot and long-term contract activity over the 
							past three months, provides a near-term technical analysis along with detailed spot market 
							indicators, projects prices under different market scenarios with associated probabilities, 
							and examines key developments in the market through a topical essay. 
						

							Also included are a review of recent market activity and a look a current and prospective activity, 
							and a detailed listing of reactor and production developments that promise to shape the future market.
						





UxC's Enrichment Market Outlook (EMO) Covers a Dynamic and Key Segment of the Overall Nuclear Fuel Market.


							Enrichment developments not only are important for understanding the enrichment market, but are 
							also crucial for understanding the future progression of the uranium market.  
							Since uranium and enrichment are substitutes, increases in enrichment supply can 
							have a major impact on the future demand for uranium.  
							Each quarterly report, at over 110 pages, covers key supply and demand developments as well as the 
							overall supply and demand situation, reviews spot and long-term contract activity over the 
							past three months, provides a near-term technical analysis along with detailed spot market 
							indicators, projects prices under different market scenarios with associated probabilities, 
							and examines key developments in the market through a topical essay. 
						


							Also included are a review of recent market activity and a look a current and prospective activity, 
							and a detailed listing of reactor and production developments that promise to shape the future market.
						

UxC's Enrichment Suppliers Assessments (ESA)


							USEC recently declared its intention to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and re-emerge as a leaner, new enrichment company. What will 
							happen to the American Centrifuge Project (ACP)? Where will USEC find the funding for the ACP? How will the new USEC survive until 
							an ACP plant can be built? These are just a few of the multitude of questions raised by the USEC bankruptcy announcement. UxC's USEC 
							Watch subscriber service follows all of USEC's activities in depth and analyzes their consequences for the company and also for 
							their impact on the enrichment market as a whole.  Learn more about the ESA.
						

End of an Era: The HEU Agreement and Beyond


							"End of an Era: The HEU Agreement and Beyond," examines the HEU deal from an historical standpoint, and addresses the impact of the 
							deal's end on the parties to the deal and nuclear fuel market as a whole. In this regard, the essay takes a close look at the fate 
							the Russian enrichment plants, Russia's enrichment industry after the HEU Agreement, and the fate of USEC. Looking forward, we turn 
							to examining the likelihood of follow-on to the HEU Agreement as well as the prospects for the SWU and uranium markets in the 
							post-HEU era.  Get more information.
						





UxC's Fabrication Market Outlook (FMO)

      
							UxC and its consultant, Joel Gingold, with over forty years experience in the fuel fabrication industry, have prepared a comprehensive 
							and up-to-date Fabrication Market Outlook (FMO) 
							report addressing the commercial, economic, institutional, and technical aspects of this sector. Fabrication differs greatly from other 
							steps in the fuel cycle. Its high technical content, need for regulatory approval, and the restriction of fuel assemblies to specific 
							reactors require a unique approach to its analysis.  To those with little knowledge of fuel fabrication and its markets, this report 
							can serve as a primer providing a solid background and understanding of how its markets function. To those knowledgeable in the 
							fundamentals, it offers analyses of a variety of its aspects based on several decades of participation. To those who are actively 
							involved in the industry, it supplies additional insights to assist in the improvement of existing nuclear fuel programs and in the development of new ones. 
						

UxC's Nuclear Grade Zirconium Alloy Market Outlook

							UxC has prepared a new special report to provide an overview of the zirconium alloy market for the nuclear industry entitled 
							Nuclear Grade Zirconium Alloy Market Outlook.  
							Nuclear-grade zirconium alloys and products are used in the fabrication of fuel assemblies, 
							which are used in the vast majority of nuclear reactor designs either currently operating, under construction, or planned around the world.  
							As the nuclear renaissance takes hold in countries all over the globe, many questions about the international nuclear supply chain have arisen.  
							The supply of nuclear-grade zirconium – from zircon mineral sand through the cladding and components used in finished fuel assemblies – 
							has also not escaped this scrutiny.  Therefore, the primary objective of this report is to factually and analytically approach the current and 
							expected future direction of the nuclear-grade zirconium market to help formulate clear conclusions about how producers of fuel assemblies for 
							nuclear reactors will obtain the necessary zirconium for their finished products.
						





UxC's Nuclear Power Outlook (NPO)


							Each quarterly report, at over 200 pages, covers key supply and demand developments as well as the 
							overall supply and demand situation, reviews spot and long-term contract activity over the 
							past three months, provides a near-term technical analysis along with detailed spot market 
							indicators, projects prices under different market scenarios with associated probabilities, 
							and examines key developments in the market through a topical essay. 
						


						Also included are a review of recent market activity and a look a current and prospective activity, 
						and a detailed listing of reactor and production developments that promise to shape the future market.
						
UxC Analyzes Reactor Technology


							In March 2013, UxC issued a new special report on the SMR Market Outlook (SMO).  
							This 450 page report provides comprehensive commercial and technical analysis of the overall SMR market 
							and detailed reviews of the leading SMR designs in the world. The SMO report is the result of UxC's 
							continuing efforts to provide its global clients with insightful products and services in the SMR sector.  
							It includes a global SMR market review along with a global outlook for SMR market developments as well as deployment forecasts to 2040.
						


							In December 2010, UxC issued a groundbreaking special report on Small Modular Reactor Assessments (SMRA).  
							This report's objective is to provide technical, economic, and other commercial assessments of each of the 
							SMR designs being developed in the world today. In addition, the report provides an in-depth discussion 
							of the broader issues impacting SMRs,  such as the keys to successful deployment for SMRs, comparisons with 
							larger reactor technologies, specific applications for SMRs, and the broader issues facing potential customers for SMRs.
						



							In August 2008, UxC completed a special report on Nuclear Reactor Technology Assessments.  
							This in-depth study provides nuclear reactor technology 
							assessments and overall evaluations of the major reactor designs currently available in the world.  
							The decision of which reactor design to pursue is an extremely important one and must be based on many 
							factors, such as the robustness of the technology, the constructability of the plant, the plant 
							economics - both initial and operating, the type of fuel used, the ability to license and regulate, 
							among a variety of other considerations.
						




UxC's SpentFUEL and StoreFUEL


						UxC is not only expanding its geopolitical coverage of the market, but is also now covering more of the fuel cycle.  
						In June 2007, UxC began to publish SpentFUEL and StoreFUEL, 
						two leading newsletters dealing with the backend of the fuel cycle.
					



						Both publications cover major fuel cycle and backend-related conferences in detail.  
						In addition, UxC can advise clients in issues related to the back end of the fuel cycle, including 
						profiles of utility spent fuel storage facilities and plans, country profiles, vendor profiles, etc.   
					



Latest Headlines (more information)



Failing Nuclear Power Is Good For Coal, Bad For Earth


Bloomberg (Aug 2, 2017)

		Article examines how some states with retired nuclear power plants fill the gap in electricity generation.
		
		https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-08-01/failing-nuclear-power-is-good-for-coal-bad-for-earth



Utility stops construction of new South Carolina nuclear plant in 'disappointing' decision


Washington Examiner (Jul 31, 2017)

		Nuclear industry and politicians are disappointed in the decision to abandon the V.C. Summer project.
		
		http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/utility-stops-construction-of-new-south-carolina-nuclear-plant-in-disappointing-decision/article/2630217



Japan's Tepco, Tohoku Electric seek joint grid operation


Nikkei Asian Review (Jul 31, 2017)

		Tokyo Electric Power Co. Holdings and Tohoku Electric Power are currently in discussions to jointly operate their distribution grids.
		
		https://asia.nikkei.com/Japan-Update/Japan-s-Tepco-Tohoku-Electric-seek-joint-grid-operation



Westinghouse needs more time in crafting bankruptcy plan


Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Jul 27, 2017)

		Westinghouse asks a New York bankruptcy judge for an additional three months to file a reorganization plan.
		
		http://powersource.post-gazette.com/powersource/companies/2017/07/27/Westinghouse-bankruptcy-filing-document-plan-complicated-more-time/stories/201707270160



Bugey 5 restarts following containment repairs


World Nuclear News (Jul 27, 2017)

		EDF resumes operations at Bugey 5.
		
		http://world-nuclear-news.org/RS-Bugey-5-restarts-following-containment-repairs-2707174.html












BACK TO TOP  | 
		HOME  | 
		SITE MAP   | 
		Contact Us


Ux Consulting Company

Corporate Office:
				1501 MACY DR  |  ROSWELL, GA 30076 USA
PH +1 (770) 642-7745   FX +1 (770) 643-2954
			

				© 2017 The Ux Consulting Company, LLC
				All rights reserved.
Terms of Use







































UXC LIMITED (ASX:UXC) - Share Price and Dividend Yield - Intelligent Investor





 


Skip to main content







Intelligent Investor Home
About Intelligent Investor
InvestSMART













Menu



Search


Search
Search



Search






















More on UXC

Overview ›
Research ›
Q&A ›
Announcements ›
Reporting Dates ›
Dividends ›
Financial Data

Key Financials ›

 




Home





Companies





UXC





Overview




UXC LIMITED (UXC)








Overview



Current recommendation

Members Only 



12 month range

Members Only 



Business risk

Members Only 



Share price risk

Members Only 



Maximum portfolio weighting

Members Only 







Following the divestment of non-core businesses in 2011, UXC is now the largest listed IT services firm. Divisions include consulting, applications and IT infrastructure. The client base is reasonably diversified, with UXC shifting focus to bigger projects for large corporate and government clients. 


Latest Research



2y ago
0












New year stock cleanout ›





3y ago
0













Banks, IT services and more ›





3y ago
0












IT Services under a cloud ›





4y ago
0












Introducing IT services ›





5y ago
0












Pressing the button on IT stocks—Pt 2 ›





Read more research on UXC



















































UXC LIMITED (ASX:UXC) - Dividend Yield, Dividend Payout Ratio & Ex Dividend Dates - Intelligent Investor



Skip to main content







Intelligent Investor Home
About Intelligent Investor
InvestSMART













Menu



Search


Search
Search



Search






















More on UXC

Overview ›
Research ›
Q&A ›
Announcements ›
Reporting Dates ›
Dividends ›
Financial Data

Key Financials ›

 




Home





Companies





UXC





Dividends




UXC LIMITED (UXC)



 
 

Dividends








 



















 




Shares - Australian Stock Market - InvestSMART


























































        Home
    



        Research
    



        Shares
    













Shares
 







 













Company Announcements
More announcements





Date/time
Company

Headline




3 Aug 2017 7:19PM

iSelect Limited (ISU)
                    




Becoming a substantial holder




3 Aug 2017 7:18PM

Virtus Health Limited (VRT)
                    




Becoming a substantial holder




3 Aug 2017 7:17PM

Cabral Resources Limited (CBS)
                    




Prospectus




3 Aug 2017 7:17PM

Prima BioMed Limited (PRR)
                    




Investor Update




3 Aug 2017 7:14PM

iSentia Group Limited (ISD)
                    




Ceasing to be a substantial holder









Upcoming Dividends
More dividends





Company
Dividend
Franking
Ex-dividend date






                        BKI
                    


3.7¢
            
100%
4 Aug 2017




                        DJW
                    


10¢
            
100%
4 Aug 2017




                        AMH
                    


3.5¢
            
100%
7 Aug 2017




                        OZG
                    


0.25¢
            
100%
7 Aug 2017




                        WIC
                    


3¢
            
100%
7 Aug 2017




                        AFI
                    


14¢
            
100%
8 Aug 2017




                        AYJ
                    


48¢
            
5%
10 Aug 2017




                        AYK
                    


34¢
            
90%
10 Aug 2017




                        AYZ
                    


69¢
            
60%
10 Aug 2017




                        MLT
                    


10¢
            
100%
10 Aug 2017







Change of Directors' Interest
More changes










Current Recommendations


























×













 Please check the following:

{{x.value}}





×
                                {{ successMessage}}
                            




{{content.question}}






{{ twilioFailed ? 'SMS Code Failed to Send…' : 'An SMS verification code has been sent ...' }}



Log in to get started

Eureka Report
InvestSMART
Intelligent Investor



Hi {{ user.FirstName }}
Looks like you have already taken a free trial 














                                            Email is required.
                                        

                                            Email must be a valid email.
                                        






                                            Password is required.
                                        






                                            First name is required.
                                        






                                            Last name is required.
                                        






                                            Mobile phone number is required.
                                        






 I have read InvestSMART's Financial Services Guide and Privacy Policy, and agree to the Terms & Conditions.
                                        

                                            You must accept the terms and conditions.
                                        



What emails do members receive?






×
Email Communications



By default members will receive the following communications via email. At any time, once logged in, you can choose which emails your wish to receive (or not) via the My Details section:
Research & Wealth Insights
Mid-week update - Lists all the research and recommendations from the week.
Weekend Briefing - An overview of the week gone and what to expect in the week to come.
Portfolio Updates
If you add your investments to the portfolio manager you will also receive regular updates including; recommendations, alerts, market pricing, dividends, profit & loss and your overall net wealth.
Exclusive Opportunities
Featured reports, invites to investor seminars and events, plus exclusive offers.
Operational communications
As an InvestSMART group member, you will occasionally receive operational updates. These could be about new features, changes to your membership, security information, or general business updates.




 



 {{content.mainButtonText}} 

OR







Already a member? Login








We have sent you a code via SMS to {{user.DayPhone}}
please enter this code below to complete your SMS verification


We cannot send you a code via SMS to {{user.DayPhone}}










Complete verification

If you didn't receive SMS code please 



SMS code cannot be sent due to: {{ twilioStatus }}

Please select one of the options below: 

Resend Code
Change number




 Looks you are already a member. Please enter your password to proceed 



You have entered an incorrect email or password





                                            Email is required.
                                        

                                            Email must be a valid email.
                                        






                                            Password is required.
                                        






Remember me


Please untick this box when using a public or shared device




Login

OR



Not a member?





Forgotten password? Click here






Verify your mobile number to proceed...
Please check your mobile number below and press the Send Verification Code button. This will be used to complete your verification in the next step.








SEND VERIFICATION CODE





Please sign up for full access 


Sign up now







 Updating information 
Please wait ...  







Trial






                    {{ productPrice }} / day


( GST included )






 
{{ applyText }}







Price
$0


Discount
-{{productDiscount}}


GST
{{productGST}}


TOTAL     (inc. GST)
{{productPrice}}





























01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12









17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
























Make payment
Proceed






Maybe later







Please click on the ACTIVATE button to finalise your membership



Activate








The email address you entered is registered with InvestSMART.
Login or to reset your password, select Forgotten password





You have entered an incorrect email or password





                                            Email is required.
                                        

                                            Email must be a valid email.
                                        






                                            Password is required.
                                        






Remember me


Please untick this box when using a public or shared device




Login

OR



Not a member?





Forgotten password? Click here


















Eureka Report
InvestSMART
Intelligent Investor















































 




UXC - Australian Stock Market - InvestSMART


























































Home


Research


Shares


UXC Limited


 








Delisted





                            UXC Limited (UXC)








Current Price
$1.215






Are you using our Portfolio Manager?
Track, improve and optimise your portfolio - for free.

                            Get Started
                        








Overview


Company Financials


Company Announcements


Dividends


Change in Directors' Interest


Research









General Information




Name
--


Stock Code
UXC


GICS Sub-Industry
IT Consulting & Other Services


Market Cap ($M)
419


Equiv. Shares (M)
345






Current Price Data+




Current Price


 $1.215
                        



Open
$1.215


High
$1.220


Low
$1.215


Last Close
$1.215


Volume
1638753


Price Movement


                            -
                            (
                                                                    No change
                            )
                        







+Security prices are delayed by at least 20 minutes and are indicative only.













Research








Overview



Current recommendation


UNLOCK



Business risk


UNLOCK






                        Unlock this Recommendation
                    







Directors




Name
Position
Start Date




Mr Cris Nicolli
Chief Executive Officer, Managing Director
28 Oct 2010


Mr Geoffrey Fredrick Lord
Non-Executive Deputy Chairman
13 Sep 2002


Mr Jean-Marie Simart
Non-Executive Director
10 Aug 2001


Mr Brian Arnold Mitchell
Non-Executive Director
24 Oct 2012


Mr Douglas Norman Snedden
Non-Executive Director
24 Oct 2012


Ms Gail Pemberton
Non-Executive Director
1 Nov 2011


Mr Geoffrey Owen Cosgriff
Non-Executive Director, Non-Executive Chairman
13 Sep 2002








Management




Name
Position




Iona  MacPherson
Chief Financial Officer,Company Secretary


Mark  Grodzicky
Chief General Counsel,Company Secretary


Paul Timmins
Chief Operating Officer


Ralph Pickering
Director - Divestments and Acquisitions








Substantial Shareholders




Holding
Name




31,501,840 (9.46%)
National Nominees Limited


30,415,984 (9.13%)
HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited


24,801,691 (7.45%)
J P Morgan Nominees Australia Limited


23,976,281 (7.20%)
Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited







        © 2017 Morningstar. All rights reserved. Neither any Morningstar company nor any of their content providers guarantee the data or content contained herein to be accurate,
        complete or timely nor will they have any liability for its use or distribution. Any general advice has been prepared by Morningstar Australasia Pty Ltd (ABN: 95 090 665 544, AFSL: 240892)
        and/or Morningstar Research Limited, subsidiaries of Morningstar, Inc, without reference to your objectives, financial situation or needs. You should consider the advice in light of these matters and,
        if applicable, the relevant Product Disclosure Statement (in respect of Australian products) or Investment Statement (in respect of New Zealand products) before making any decision to invest.
        No Morningstar-affiliated company or any of their employees is providing you with personalised financial advice. To obtain advice tailored to your particular circumstances, please contact a professional financial adviser.
        Some material is copyright and published under licence from ASX Operations Pty Limited ACN 004 523 782 ("ASXO"). Data and content is provided for personal use only. DISCLOSURE: InvestSMART Group Limited
         employees may have an interest in the securities and managed funds displayed via this service. Please refer to our Financial Services Guide for more information.
    














×













 Please check the following:

{{x.value}}





×
                                {{ successMessage}}
                            




{{content.question}}






{{ twilioFailed ? 'SMS Code Failed to Send…' : 'An SMS verification code has been sent ...' }}



Log in to get started

Eureka Report
InvestSMART
Intelligent Investor



Hi {{ user.FirstName }}
Looks like you have already taken a free trial 














                                            Email is required.
                                        

                                            Email must be a valid email.
                                        






                                            Password is required.
                                        






                                            First name is required.
                                        






                                            Last name is required.
                                        






                                            Mobile phone number is required.
                                        






 I have read InvestSMART's Financial Services Guide and Privacy Policy, and agree to the Terms & Conditions.
                                        

                                            You must accept the terms and conditions.
                                        



What emails do members receive?






×
Email Communications



By default members will receive the following communications via email. At any time, once logged in, you can choose which emails your wish to receive (or not) via the My Details section:
Research & Wealth Insights
Mid-week update - Lists all the research and recommendations from the week.
Weekend Briefing - An overview of the week gone and what to expect in the week to come.
Portfolio Updates
If you add your investments to the portfolio manager you will also receive regular updates including; recommendations, alerts, market pricing, dividends, profit & loss and your overall net wealth.
Exclusive Opportunities
Featured reports, invites to investor seminars and events, plus exclusive offers.
Operational communications
As an InvestSMART group member, you will occasionally receive operational updates. These could be about new features, changes to your membership, security information, or general business updates.




 



 {{content.mainButtonText}} 

OR







Already a member? Login








We have sent you a code via SMS to {{user.DayPhone}}
please enter this code below to complete your SMS verification


We cannot send you a code via SMS to {{user.DayPhone}}










Complete verification

If you didn't receive SMS code please 



SMS code cannot be sent due to: {{ twilioStatus }}

Please select one of the options below: 

Resend Code
Change number




 Looks you are already a member. Please enter your password to proceed 



You have entered an incorrect email or password





                                            Email is required.
                                        

                                            Email must be a valid email.
                                        






                                            Password is required.
                                        






Remember me


Please untick this box when using a public or shared device




Login

OR



Not a member?





Forgotten password? Click here






Verify your mobile number to proceed...
Please check your mobile number below and press the Send Verification Code button. This will be used to complete your verification in the next step.








SEND VERIFICATION CODE





Please sign up for full access 


Sign up now







 Updating information 
Please wait ...  







Trial






                    {{ productPrice }} / day


( GST included )






 
{{ applyText }}







Price
$0


Discount
-{{productDiscount}}


GST
{{productGST}}


TOTAL     (inc. GST)
{{productPrice}}





























01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12









17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
























Make payment
Proceed






Maybe later







Please click on the ACTIVATE button to finalise your membership



Activate








The email address you entered is registered with InvestSMART.
Login or to reset your password, select Forgotten password





You have entered an incorrect email or password





                                            Email is required.
                                        

                                            Email must be a valid email.
                                        






                                            Password is required.
                                        






Remember me


Please untick this box when using a public or shared device




Login

OR



Not a member?





Forgotten password? Click here


















Eureka Report
InvestSMART
Intelligent Investor

















































