


























	Home – Atkins







































Skip to main content



ABOUT THE GROUP
ANGLES
CAREERS
INVESTORS
MEDIA
EVENTS
CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY
CONTACT


      Search & Tools
      





              Search within Atkins website
            











              More specific search? Try these
            


                    Project showcase
                    



                    Angles publication platform
                  





Create PDF document
Add web pages to PDF bundle for download
How to use PDF generator





0




Pages in bundle


View / Manage bundle






    Page successfully added to PDF Creator
  

    Page successfully removed from PDF Creator
  












Group
Asia Pacific
Middle East & Africa
North America
UK & Europe





Sectors & Services
Projects
Locations







      http://www.atkinsglobal.com/en-GB
      
















ATKINS IS ONE OF THE WORLD’S MOST RESPECTED DESIGN, ENGINEERING AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT CONSULTANCIES. WE BUILD LONG-TERM TRUSTED PARTNERSHIPS TO CREATE A WORLD WHERE LIVES ARE ENRICHED THROUGH THE IMPLEMENTATION OF OUR IDEAS.



        LATEST NEWS
      
  

            Results for the year ended 31 March 2017 - 15 June 2017
            
Read more

            Atkins hires digital disruptors - 13 June 2017
            
Read more

            Scheme Document announcement - 18 May 2017
            
Read more

            Offer by SNC-Lavalin - 21 April 2017
            
Read more

            Pre close trading update - 12 April 2017
            
Read more

            Analyst Presentation – 28 March 2017
            
Read more

Read all news










Visit the intelligent mobility hub.
Find out more



COMPANY OVERVIEW
An introduction to Atkins and our work around the world.
View the presentation



VIDEO
CEO Uwe Krueger presents Atkins' preliminary results 2017.
Watch the video



HUMAN-CENTRED DESIGN
How Atkins is putting wellbeing at the heart of building design.
Find out more



ATKINS FILM
Our Atkins film shows how we’re learning from the past to inform the present and inspire the future.
Watch the video



SOCIAL HUB
Discover the best of Atkins' content on our new social hub
Visit the hub










Contact Us
Local contacts in our regional offices can be found in the Locations section.
Local  language websites exist for Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Asia  Pacific. To see a full list of our websites, go to the Our websites page.
 In the Sector and Service part of the website, relevant   regional contacts have been identified.
Faithful+Gould is a  member of the Atkins group of companies.
General enquiries


Stay informed
Register for our news alerts and receive the latest news and events
Register


Connect with us

Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google+
YouTube
Pinterest
SlideShare
Instagram



Essentials

ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
ALERTS
CONTACT US 
 DISCLAIMER 
STATUTORY AND REGULATORY DISCLOSURES
PRIVACY 
RSS
SITE MAP 
SOCIAL MEDIA
SOCIAL HUB


























Most computers will open PDF documents automatically, but you may need to download Adobe Reader.



















Form 8.3 - WS Atkins plc – Company Announcement - FT.com

















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataCompany Announcements







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Company Announcements


WS Atkins PLCForm 8.3 - WS Atkins plcTwitterFacebookLinkedInGooglePlusRedditPinterestUrlJul 03 2017 14:24 BSTSource: RNS



RNS Number : 9481J MVN Asset Management Limited 03 July 2017  

FORM 8.3
PUBLIC OPENING POSITION DISCLOSURE/DEALING DISCLOSURE BY 
A PERSON WITH INTERESTS IN RELEVANT SECURITIES REPRESENTING 1% OR MORE
Rule 8.3 of the Takeover Code (the "Code")
 
1.         KEY INFORMATION
 




(a) Full name of discloser:


MVN Asset Management Limited




(b) Owner or controller of interests and short positions disclosed, if different from 1(a):
     The naming of nominee or vehicle companies is insufficient.  For a trust, the trustee(s), settlor and beneficiaries must be named.


N/A




(c) Name of offeror/offeree in relation to whose relevant securities this form relates:
     Use a separate form for each offeror/offeree


WS Atkins Plc




(d) If an exempt fund manager connected with an offeror/offeree, state this and specify identity of offeror/offeree:


N/A




(e) Date position held/dealing undertaken:
     For an opening position disclosure, state the latest practicable date prior to the disclosure


30/06/2017




(f)  In addition to the company in 1(c) above, is the discloser making disclosures in respect of any other party to the offer?
     If it is a cash offer or possible cash offer, state "N/A"


No




 
2.         POSITIONS OF THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE
 
If there are positions or rights to subscribe to disclose in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 2(a) or (b) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security.
 
(a)        Interests and short positions in the relevant securities of the offeror or offeree to which the disclosure relates following the dealing (if any)
 




Class of relevant security:
 


0.5p ordinary




 
 


Interests


Short positions







Number


%


Number


%




(1) Relevant securities owned and/or controlled:


942,672


0.94%


0


0




(2) Cash-settled derivatives:
 


989,805


0.99%


0


0




(3) Stock-settled derivatives (including options) and agreements to purchase/sell:


0


0


0


0




TOTAL:


1,932,477


1.93%


0


0




 
All interests and all short positions should be disclosed.
 
Details of any open stock-settled derivative positions (including traded options), or agreements to purchase or sell relevant securities, should be given on a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions).
 
(b)        Rights to subscribe for new securities (including directors' and other employee options)
 




Class of relevant security in relation to which subscription right exists:







Details, including nature of the rights concerned and relevant percentages:







 
 
3.         DEALINGS (IF ANY) BY THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE
 
Where there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 3(a), (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security dealt in.
 
The currency of all prices and other monetary amounts should be stated.
 
(a)        Purchases and sales
 




Class of relevant security


Purchase/sale
 


Number of securities


Price per unit
 




0.5p ordinary


Purchase


29840


2077p




 
(b)        Cash-settled derivative transactions
 




Class of relevant security


Product description
e.g. CFD


Nature of dealing
e.g. opening/closing a long/short position, increasing/reducing a long/short position


Number of reference securities


Price per unit
 




0.5p ordinary


Swap


Increasing Long Position


31332


2077p




 
(c)        Stock-settled derivative transactions (including options)
 
(i)         Writing, selling, purchasing or varying
 




Class of relevant security


Product description e.g. call option


Writing, purchasing, selling, varying etc.


Number of securities to which option relates


Exercise price per unit


Type
e.g. American, European etc.


Expiry date


Option money paid/ received per unit






























 
(ii)        Exercise
 




Class of relevant security


Product description
e.g. call option


Exercising/ exercised against


Number of securities


Exercise price per unit
















 
 




 
(d)        Other dealings (including subscribing for new securities)
 




Class of relevant security


Nature of dealing
e.g. subscription, conversion


Details


Price per unit (if applicable)







 
 










 
 
4.         OTHER INFORMATION
 
(a)        Indemnity and other dealing arrangements
 




Details of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any agreement or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing entered into by the person making the disclosure and any party to the offer or any person acting in concert with a party to the offer:
Irrevocable commitments and letters of intent should not be included.  If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state "none"




 
 
None
 




 
(b)        Agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to options or derivatives
 




Details of any agreement, arrangement or understanding, formal or informal, between the person making the disclosure and any other person relating to:
(i)  the voting rights of any relevant securities under any option; or 
(ii) the voting rights or future acquisition or disposal of any relevant securities to which any derivative is referenced:
If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state "none"




 
None
 
 




 
(c)        Attachments
 




Is a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions) attached?


No




 
 




Date of disclosure:


03/07/2017




Contact name:


Stavriana Kamarinou




Telephone number:


+44 20 3876 8718




 
Public disclosures under Rule 8 of the Code must be made to a Regulatory Information Service.
 
The Panel's Market Surveillance Unit is available for consultation in relation to the Code's disclosure requirements on +44 (0)20 7638 0129.
 
The Code can be viewed on the Panel's website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk.

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  RETLLFFFDVIVIID

		TwitterFacebookLinkedInGooglePlusRedditPinterestUrl 
FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview






					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback















 


Business Services Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Business & Finance

Business Services

Business Services Company Reports








Business Services Company Research Reports


The business services industry encompasses specialized companies providing various types of business-related services to other firms. Business services can be classified into such types as accounting, marketing, security, advertising, internal audit, consulting, risk management, recruitment, finance, transportation, etc. 
The business services market is highly fragmented, so there are no noticeably dominant players able to control the industry. EA Consulting Asia Pacific, Sutherland Global Service, HTC Global Services, McKinsey, BCG are amid the most renowned players of the worldwide market. 
The catalogue “Business Services Company Reports” contains a raft of research studies devoted to players of the business services market. The reports offer in-depth examinations of the competitive landscape, present SWOT analyses, and review their performances.  The researches also contain valuable data on the companies’ owners, senior management, locations, subsidiaries, markets, product portfolios and history. The reports not only offer companies’ profiles, but also cover their business activities. Valuable data on M&As, new product launches and company news digest are available in the research studies, too.





All Regions
Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                    --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Japan
                                                                                --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Malaysia
                                                                                                                                                        --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                        --Pakistan
                                                                                                                    --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                        --Sri Lanka
                                                                                                                                                        --Taiwan
                                                                                --Thailand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Business Services Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Business Strategies Group
                        datamining
                        GlobalData
                        Timetric
                    



                            Found
                                 2950 publications                    



Zippi Networks, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zippi Networks, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhongyuan Environment-Protection Co Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhongyuan Environment-Protection Co Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhonghui Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhonghui Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Guangbo Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Guangbo Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zamage Digital Art Imaging, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zamage Digital Art Imaging, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yusen Logistics Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yusen Logistics Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yuasa Funashoku Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yuasa Funashoku Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Young Jin Infra CO., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Young Jin Infra CO., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YouGov PLC - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YouGov PLC - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YouChange Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YouChange Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yokohama Maruuo Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yokohama Maruuo Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yokohama Gyorui Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yokohama Gyorui Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yem Chio Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yem Chio Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yangjisa Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yangjisa Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamada Servicer Synthetic Office Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamada Servicer Synthetic Office Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Y-Entec Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Y-Entec Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xpress Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xpress Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xinyinhai Technology, Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xinyinhai Technology, Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xerius Bioscience Ag - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xerius Bioscience Ag - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WSP Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WSP Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


W.S. Industries Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
W.S. Industries Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Workforce Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Workforce Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Work Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Work Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Woobangland Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Woobangland Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WISE Group AB - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WISE Group AB - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Windswept Environmental Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Windswept Environmental Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WindPower Innovations, Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WindPower Innovations, Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wincanton plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wincanton plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilson Learning Worldwide - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilson Learning Worldwide - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Willy Food Investments Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Willy Food Investments Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilhelmina International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilhelmina International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Widetech Malaysia Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Widetech Malaysia Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Worldwide Food Services, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Worldwide Food Services, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Worldwide Auction Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Worldwide Auction Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WHK Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WHK Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Western Lucrative Enterprises, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Western Lucrative Enterprises, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


West Mountain Capital Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
West Mountain Capital Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wescorp Energy Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wescorp Energy Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wesco Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wesco Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wellcom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wellcom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wellco Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wellco Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Weathernews Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Weathernews Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wdb Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wdb Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WCA Waste Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WCA Waste Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waterman Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waterman Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Water Hall Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Water Hall Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waste Management, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waste Management, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waste Connections Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waste Connections Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Global Warming Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Global Warming Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Financial Services Banking Cards Credit & Loans Financial Company Reports Investment Mortgage Payment Other Financial Services  Insurance General Insurance Health Insurance Insurance Company Reports Life Insurance Property Insurance Reinsurance Auto Insurance  Business Services Accounting & Tax Services Advertising Brokerage Business Support Business Services Company Reports Consulting Diversified Services Company Reports Franchise Wealth Management  Real Estate Real Estate Company Reports  Business Survey 






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























	Market Report: WS Atkins plc - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




WS Atkins plc - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report

     
                        Jan 31, 2017 - MarketLine 
                    
                - 47 pages 
                - USD $175 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Companies


Request Details


Related







WS Atkins plc - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company's structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360deg view of the company.Key FindingsDetailed information on WS Atkins plc required for business and competitor intelligence needsA study of the major internal and external factors affecting WS Atkins plc in the form of a SWOT analysisAn in-depth view of the business model of WS Atkins plc including a breakdown and examination of key business segmentsIntelligence on WS Atkins plc's mergers and acquisitions (MandA), strategic partnerships and alliances, capital raising, private equity transactions, and financial and legal advisorsNews about WS Atkins plc, such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract winsLarge number of easy-to-grasp charts and graphs that present important data and key trendsReasons to Get this ReportGain understanding of WS Atkins plc and the factors that influence its strategies.Track strategic initiatives of the company and latest corporate news and actions.Assess WS Atkins plc as a prospective partner, vendor or supplier.Support sales activities by understanding your customers' businesses better.Stay up to date on WS Atkins plc's business structure, strategy and prospects.Report HighlightsWS Atkins plc (Atkins) is a consultancy company that provides design, engineering and project management services. It offers risk planning, feasibility studies, logistics, impact assessments, and stakeholder engagement services. Atkins designs management systems and business processes; physical structures such as office towers, schools, aircraft, bridges and highways; and advanced technology systems such as biometric scanners and superfast broadband networks. The company serves aerospace, aviation, defense, education, energy, environment, government, healthcare, information communications, marine and coastal, mass transit, nuclear, oil and gas, power, rail, roads and bridges, security, tourism and leisure, and water sectors across the Middle East, Asia-Pacific, Europe and North America. Atkins is headquartered in Epsom, England, the UK.
Company Snapshot- WS Atkins plc: Company Overview- WS Atkins plc: Overview and Key Facts--- WS Atkins plc: Overview--- WS Atkins plc: Key Facts- WS Atkins plc: Key Employees- WS Atkins plc: Key Employee Biographies- WS Atkins plc: Major Products and Services- WS Atkins plc: Company History- WS Atkins plc: Management Statement- WS Atkins plc: Locations and Subsidiaries- WS Atkins plc: Key CompetitorsWS Atkins plc: Company Analysis- WS Atkins plc: Business Description- WS Atkins plc: SWOT Analysis--- WS Atkins plc: SWOT Overview--- WS Atkins plc: Strengths--- WS Atkins plc: Weaknesses--- WS Atkins plc: Opportunities--- WS Atkins plc: Threats- WS Atkins plc: Corporate Financial Deals Activity- WS Atkins plc: Financial Deals Overview- WS Atkins plc: Targets and Partners- WS Atkins plc: Top Deals 2013 - 2017YTD*- WS Atkins plc: Advisors--- WS Atkins plc: Top Financial Advisors- WS Atkins plc: Mergers and Acquisitions- WS Atkins plc: DivestmentsWS Atkins plc: Recent Developments- WS Atkins plc: News and Events Summary- WS Atkins plc: Contracts- WS Atkins plc: Financial Performance- WS Atkins plc: Research and Development- WS Atkins plc: Strategy and OperationsAppendix- Contact Us- Methodology- Definitions- About DatamonitorList of TablesTable 1: WS Atkins plc: Key FactsTable 2: WS Atkins plc: Key EmployeesTable 4: WS Atkins plc: Key CompetitorsTable 5: WS Atkins plc: Deal Activity by Deal Type - Volume (TTM*)Table 6: WS Atkins plc: MandA Activity by Geography (TTM*)Table 7: WS Atkins plc: Deal Activity by Deal Type - Volume (2013 - YTD*2017)Table 8: WS Atkins plc: MandA Average Deal Size - Value (US$m)Table 9: WS Atkins plc: Targets and PartnersTable 10: WS Atkins plc: Top Deals 2013 - 2017YTD*Table 11: WS Atkins plc: Financial Advisor Ranking by Value (US$m)Table 12: WS Atkins plc: MandA Volume and Value Trend (2013 - YTD*2017)Table 13: WS Atkins plc: MandA Activity by Geography (2013 - YTD*2017)Table 14: WS Atkins plc: Divestments Volume and Value Trend (2013 - YTD*2017)Table 15: WS Atkins plc: Divestments by Geography (2013 - YTD*2017)Table 16: WS Atkins plc: News and Events SummaryTable 17: WS Atkins plc: ContractsTable 18: WS Atkins plc: Financial PerformanceTable 19: WS Atkins plc: Research and DevelopmentTable 20: WS Atkins plc: Strategy and OperationsList of FiguresFigure 1: Wotif.com Holdings Limited: Deal Activity by Deal Type - Volume (2013 - YTD*2017)Figure 2: Wotif.com Holdings Limited: Divestments Volume and Value Trend (2013 - YTD*2017)Figure 3: Wotif.com Holdings Limited: Divestments by Geography (2013 - YTD*2017)Figure 4: Wotif.com Holdings Limited: Private Equity and Ownership Volume and Value Trend (2013 - YTD*2017)Figure 5: Wotif.com Holdings Limited: Private Equity and Ownership Volume by Deal Type (2013 - YTD*2017)
Companies Mentioned in this ReportWS Atkins plc
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: PDF 
$175  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
MarketLine is a global publisher of company, industry and country information. Their clients operate across a wide variety of industries and job functions and range from multinational corporations right down to small businesses in both developed and developing economies. MarketLine users enjoy access to content that is trustworthy, up to date and reasonably priced and routinely turn to them as their first-stop resource for instantly accessible, reliable business information. MarketLine is wholly owned subsidiary of Datamonitor.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.



















WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Business & Finance

Business Services

Business Services Company Reports





WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
WDABF76FEDEB1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of WS Atkins plc with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of WS Atkins plc key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key WS Atkins plc competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 WS ATKINS PLC - OVERVIEW

1.1 WS Atkins plc - Business Description
1.2 WS Atkins plc - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 WS Atkins plc - Milestones and History

2 WS ATKINS PLC - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 WS ATKINS PLC - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 WS ATKINS PLC - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 WS ATKINS PLC - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 WS Atkins plc - Strengths
5.2 WS Atkins plc - Weaknesses
5.3 WS Atkins plc - Opportunities
5.4 WS Atkins plc - Threats

6 WS ATKINS PLC – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 WS Atkins plc - Financial Snapshot
6.2 WS Atkins plc – Stock Market Snapshot

7 WS ATKINS PLC - KEY COMPETITORS

8 WS ATKINS PLC - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: WS Atkins plc Key Facts 
Table 2: WS Atkins plc Offices and Representations 
Table 3: WS Atkins plc Milestones and History 
Table 4: WS Atkins plc Key Executives 
Table 5: WS Atkins plc Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: WS Atkins plc Major Shareholders 
Table 7: WS Atkins plc Products and Services
Table 8: WS Atkins plc SWOT Analysis
Table 9: WS Atkins plc Profitability 
Table 10: WS Atkins plc Management Effectiveness
Table 11: WS Atkins plc Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: WS Atkins plc Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: WS Atkins plc Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: WS Atkins plc Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: WS Atkins plc Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: WS Atkins plc Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: WS Atkins plc Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: WS Atkins plc Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: WS Atkins plc Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: WS Atkins plc Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: WS Atkins plc 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: WS Atkins plc 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


WS Atkins plc (ATK): Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
US$ 125.00
Dec, 2016 · 53 pages


Atkins (WS) plc (ATK): Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
US$ 125.00
Nov, 2013 · 33 pages


Cellcyte Genetics Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Bankers Store Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Gsb Finance Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Financial Services Banking Cards Credit & Loans Financial Company Reports Investment Mortgage Payment Other Financial Services  Insurance General Insurance Health Insurance Insurance Company Reports Life Insurance Property Insurance Reinsurance Auto Insurance  Business Services Accounting & Tax Services Advertising Brokerage Business Support Business Services Company Reports Consulting Diversified Services Company Reports Franchise Wealth Management  Real Estate Real Estate Company Reports  Business Survey 












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:






















		Form 8.3 - [WS Atkins Plc] - RNS - London Stock Exchange

 






 




 



Regulatory Story


Go to market news section












The Vanguard Group  -     
Form 8.3 - [WS Atkins Plc]
Released 15:00 13-Jun-2017













Form 8.3 - [WS Atkins Plc]

Form 8.3 - [WS Atkins Plc]
FORM 8.3  PUBLIC OPENING POSITION DISCLOSURE/DEALING DISCLOSURE BY A PERSON WITH INTERESTS IN RELEVANT SECURITIES REPRESENTING 1% OR MORE Rule 8.3 of the Takeover Code (the “Code”)  1.         KEY INFORMATION  (a) Full name of discloser: The Vanguard Group, Inc. (b) Owner or controller of interests and short positions disclosed, if different from 1(a): The naming of nominee or vehicle companies is insufficient.  For a trust, the trustee(s), settlor and beneficiaries must be named.  (c) Name of offeror/offeree in relation to whose relevant securities this form relates: Use a separate form for each offeror/offeree WS Atkins Plc (d) If an exempt fund manager connected with an offeror/offeree, state this and specify identity of offeror/offeree:  (e) Date position held/dealing undertaken: For an opening position disclosure, state the latest practicable date prior to the disclosure 12 June 2017 (f)  In addition to the company in 1(c) above, is the discloser making disclosures in respect of any other party to the offer? If it is a cash offer or possible cash offer, state “N/A” N/A  2.         POSITIONS OF THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE  If there are positions or rights to subscribe to disclose in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 2(a) or (b) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security.  (a)        Interests and short positions in the relevant securities of the offeror or offeree to which the disclosure relates following the dealing (if any)  Class of relevant security:  0.5p Ordinary    Interests Short positions  Number % Number % (1) Relevant securities owned and/or controlled: 2,919,559* 2.92%   (2) Cash-settled derivatives:      (3) Stock-settled derivatives (including options) and agreements to purchase/sell:      TOTAL: 2,919,559* 2.92%   *Please note that The Vanguard Group, Inc. does not have investment discretion over 310,000 of these shares.  All interests and all short positions should be disclosed.  Details of any open stock-settled derivative positions (including traded options), or agreements to purchase or sell relevant securities, should be given on a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions).  (b)        Rights to subscribe for new securities (including directors’ and other employee options)  Class of relevant security in relation to which subscription right exists:  Details, including nature of the rights concerned and relevant percentages:    3.         DEALINGS (IF ANY) BY THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE  Where there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 3(a), (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security dealt in.  The currency of all prices and other monetary amounts should be stated.  (a)        Purchases and sales  Class of relevant security Purchase/sale  Number of securities Price per unit Common Stock Purchase 4,443 20.68 GBP  (b)       Cash-settled derivative transactions  Class of relevant security Product description e.g. CFD Nature of dealing e.g. opening/closing a long/short position, increasing/reducing a long/short position Number of reference securities Price per unit        (c)        Stock-settled derivative transactions (including options)  (i)         Writing, selling, purchasing or varying  Class of relevant security Product description e.g. call option Writing, purchasing, selling, varying etc. Number of securities to which option relates Exercise price per unit Type e.g. American, European etc. Expiry date Option money paid/ received per unit          (ii)        Exercise  Class of relevant security Product description e.g. call option Exercising/ exercised against Number of securities Exercise price per unit        (d)        Other dealings (including subscribing for new securities)  Class of relevant security Nature of dealing e.g. subscription, conversion Details Price per unit (if applicable)        4.         OTHER INFORMATION  (a)        Indemnity and other dealing arrangements  Details of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any agreement or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing entered into by the person making the disclosure and any party to the offer or any person acting in concert with a party to the offer: Irrevocable commitments and letters of intent should not be included.  If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state “none”     (b)        Agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to options or derivatives  Details of any agreement, arrangement or understanding, formal or informal, between the person making the disclosure and any other person relating to: (i)  the voting rights of any relevant securities under any option; or (ii) the voting rights or future acquisition or disposal of any relevant securities to which any derivative is referenced: If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state “none”     (c)        Attachments  Is a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions) attached? NO   Date of disclosure: 13 June 2017 Contact name: Nick Gould Telephone number: 001-610-669-8989  Public disclosures under Rule 8 of the Code must be made to a Regulatory Information Service.  The Panel’s Market Surveillance Unit is available for consultation in relation to the Code’s disclosure requirements on +44 (0)20 7638 0129.  The Code can be viewed on the Panel’s website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk. 

### END ###
Provider

Channel

Contact
Tensid EQS Ltd., Switzerland
www.tensid.ch


newsbox.ch
www.newsbox.ch


Provider/Channel related enquiries
marco@tensid.ch
											+41 41 763 00 50




Close


 

 















 






 



London Stock Exchange plc is not responsible for and does not check content on this Website. Website users are responsible for checking content. Any news item (including any prospectus) which is addressed solely to the persons and countries specified therein should not be relied upon other than by such persons and/or outside the specified countries. Terms and conditions, including restrictions on use and distribution apply.



©2014 London Stock Exchange plc. All rights reserved



 
Form 8.3 - [WS Atkins Plc] - RNS











 


Atkins (company) - Wikipedia






















 






Atkins (company)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


WS Atkins plc





Type

Public limited company


Industry
Construction, design, engineering and business services


Founded
1938


Founder
Sir William Atkins


Headquarters
Euston Tower, London, United Kingdom



Number of locations

Offices in 28 countries



Key people

Heath Drewett (President)


Services
Consultancy services


Revenue
£1.862 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

£143.4 million (2016)[1]



Net income

£103.4 million (2016)[1]



Number of employees

18,052 (March 2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Faithful+Gould


Website
www.atkinsglobal.com


WS Atkins plc (commonly known as Atkins) is a British multinational engineering, design, planning, architectural design, project management and consulting services company headquartered in Epsom, Surrey. It was founded in 1938 by Sir William Atkins.
In 2016, Atkins was the UK's largest engineering consultancy and the world's 11th largest global design firm.[2] It employed approximately 18,000 staff based in 300 offices across 29 countries and had undertaken projects in over 150 countries. Its motto is "Plan, Design, Enable".
The company was acquired by Canadian company SNC-Lavalin in July 2017.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Acquisition by SNC-Lavalin


2 Operations
3 Notable projects
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
The original company, WS Atkins & Partners, was established by the late Sir William Atkins in 1938 with offices in Westminster in London. In its early years the practice specialised in civil and structural engineering design work but expanded rapidly after the Second World War into specialist services in town planning, engineering sciences, architecture and project management.[3]
In 1996, WS Atkins was admitted to the London Stock Exchange and began trading as WS Atkins plc. In 1996 it also acquired Faithful+Gould, a cost and project management consultancy firm.[4] In the late 1990s WS Atkins worked on the Burj al Arab hotel, which was completed in 1999.[5]
The company has been trading under the Atkins name since 2002. In that year it also bought Hanscomb, construction consultants.[6] The company experienced a number of financial difficulties in 2002, with the share price falling to 50p, the Chief Executive, Robin Southwell, resigned, along with Finance Director Ric Piper, who was also told his new job at Trinity Mirror was no longer open to him.[7] Keith Clarke replaced him, joining from Skanska.[8]
Atkins was one of the five shareholders in Metronet, the London Underground maintenance company that failed in 2007 leading to Atkins having to write off its investment.[9] In 2009 Atkins was selected as the official engineering design services provider for the London 2012 Games. The company provided building services design, civil engineering and structural engineering, acoustics, fire protection engineering, and accessibility services.[10]
Atkins staff levels declined as a result of the global recession, with losses of approximately 3000 staff between April 2009 and February 2011, although the overall headcount remained relatively stable with the acquisition of the American company known as PBS&J in August 2010.[11][12] PBS&J, founded in 1960, was a Florida-based, nationwide provider of engineering, planning, architecture, construction, environmental, and program management services.[13]
In June 2011, Atkins announced it was buying the oil and gas business of Finnish global consulting firm, Pöyry for €17.25 million. As a result of the acquisition, around 130 staff from Pöyry's Perth, Stavanger and Aberdeen offices integrated into Atkins' Energy business unit.[14] In 2014, Houston-based oil and gas offshore engineering business, Houston Offshore Engineering, was acquired for £45 million. This acquisition added another 150 people to the business and increased the headcount of oil and gas specialists to over 1,000 from its operations worldwide.[15] In 2014 Atkins were in the running to purchase Parsons Brinckerhoff from Balfour Beatty, but were outbid by WSP Global.[16]
The company announced in April 2016 that it had acquired the Projects, Products and Technology (PP&T) segment of EnergySolutions for £206 million therefore strengthening Atkins’ nuclear multidisciplinary capability to a 2,000-strong global team.[17]
Acquisition by SNC-Lavalin[edit]
In early April 2017, the company received a £2.1bn bid from Canadian company SNC-Lavalin. On 21 April, it was announced that the takeover deal had been agreed;[18] the move was approved by shareholders in June 2017, and was anticipated to become effective in July 2017. This step coincided with news of 92 redundancies in the company's infrastructure division.[19] The deal was completed on 3 July 2017, with Atkins becoming SNC-Lavalin's fifth business sector; adding Atkins' 18,000 employees gave SNC-Lavalin over 50,000 employees and annual revenues of approximately £7.2bn.[20] As a result of the acquisition's completion, Atkins was delisted from the London Stock Exchange with effect from 4 July 2017.[21]
Operations[edit]




An Atkins' construction site house at a building site in Hong Kong.


Atkins provides engineering and design consultancy services in various regions:[22]

United Kingdom: water, environment, education, aerospace, defence, communications, infrastructure design, urban planning and transportation planning
North America: infrastructure planning, engineering, construction management, environmental consulting, urban planning, architecture and program management services
Middle East: design, engineering and project management services for buildings, transportation and other infrastructure programs
Asia Pacific: engineering, planning, urban design, architectural and rail design services
Hong Kong: urban rail development

Atkins also has an Energy business providing engineering and project management services.[22]
Notable projects[edit]




The lobby of the Burj Al Arab hotel.






The MS Oasis of the Seas at anchor in Nassau, Bahamas.


Atkins’ notable past and current projects include:
Asia Pacific

Gautrain rapid transit railway system, Gauteng Province, South Africa
Jinji Hotel, China
The Centaurus Islamabad, Pakistan [23]
Lulu Mall, Kochi, India
The Regatta, Jakarta, Indonesia [24]
Songjiang Shimao Hotel, China [25]
Tianjin World Financial Center, China
Terminal area master plan and terminal building design for Yinchuan Hedong Airport, China
Xi'an Xianyang International Airport terminal, China
Inpex Ichthys Project: Flow Assurance, Australia
Varanus Island Compression Project, Australia
Asia Aerospace City, Malaysia[26]
Baoneng Shenyang Global Financial Center, China

Europe (ex. United Kingdom)

Architecture and design services for the Capital Fort mixed use development, Sofia, Bulgaria [27]
Baku White City, Azerbaijan
Signaling and telecommunications work for the European Rail Traffic Management System (ERTMS), Denmark
Rail network planning and design for the Mälaren Line project, Sweden
Partnering with Assystem to develop offshore wind, wave, and tidal energy production, France
M50 Motorway upgrade, Ireland

Middle East

Asian Beach Games, Oman
Bahrain World Trade Centre, Bahrain [28]
Burj Al Arab Dubai, United Arab Emirates [29]
DIFC Lighthouse Tower, United Arab Emirates
DSEC Commercial Tower, United Arab Emirates
Dubai Light Rail Transit, Dubai, United Arab Emirates [30]
Masterplanning and detailed design services for the Durrat Al Bahrain resort, Bahrain
Extension of Masjid al-Haram, Saudi Arabia
Mecca Metro, Saudi Arabia [31]
Lusail Light Rapid Transit, Doha, Qatar [32]
Abu Tubul Onshore Gas Plant Detailed Design, Oman
The Address, United Arab Emirates [33]

North America

Engineering, design, ITS, planning, and program management services for Florida's Turnpike Enterprise toll and asset management systems, Florida
Runway design and planning services for the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Construction and program management services for the Hoover Dam Bypass bridge project, Boulder City, Nevada
Masterplanning, urban design, and sustainability services for the Hunters Point Shipyard/Candlestick Point Urban Plan, San Francisco, California [34]
Program management and construction services for the Little Patuxent Water Reclamation Plant, Howard County, Maryland [35]
Construction, design, and program management services for the MARTA bus and rail transit system, Georgia
Architecture, A/E, and construction services for the Miami Dade College Culinary Institute, Miami, Florida
Oasis of the Seas Cruise Liner, Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Ecological, environmental, and program management services for the Post-Hurricane Katrina Storm Damage Risk Reduction Program, Louisiana [36]
Construction management services for the upgrading of the Statue of Liberty, New York, New York
Architecture, A/E, and construction services for the Texas A&M International University Student Success Center, Laredo, Texas
Architecture, A/E, and geomatic services for The Wizarding World of Harry Potter, Orlando, Florida
Project management and cost estimating for the construction of the World Trade Center Memorial and Visitors Center, New York, New York

United Kingdom

Planning and infrastructure support for the London 2012 Olympics Park
Wing design and analysis for the Airbus A350 XWB aircraft
Bay Pointe Cardiff
Birmingham New Street Station redevelopment
Design for The Bulwell Academy, Bulwell, Nottingham
Highways management services for Cambridgeshire County Council
Coed Darcy Sustainable Village
Local transport planning policy evaluation for the Department for Transport
Future Rapid Effect System armoured fighting vehicle programme
Design, engineering and planning consultancy for the Glasgow Airport Rail Link
Managing Agent for HBOS’s property portfolio
Newport Railway Station
Oxford Circus Diagonal Crossing, London

References[edit]


^ a b c d "Results for the year ended 31 March 2016". atkinsglobal.com. Retrieved 24 August 2016. 
^ "Atkins at a glance". atkinsglobal.com. Retrieved 24 August 2016. 
^ "Sir William Atkins". Oxford Dictionary of National Biography. Retrieved 15 April 2017. 
^ Atkins to buy out Faithful+Gould Construction News, 25 January 1996
^ "September 2000 CE Article & Questions - Designing with structural fabrics". construction.com. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ Hanscomb recommends shareholders accept W.S. Atkins offer Orlando Business Journal, 28 May 2002
^ "Personal finance - How to grow your wealth and spend less money - Telegraph". Telegraph.co.uk. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ "Atkins poaches Clarke". Building. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ Terry Macalister. "Metronet woes cost WS Atkins dear". the Guardian. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ LOCOG appoints Atkins[permanent dead link]
^ "Atkins reveals workforce fell by 2,500 in 18 months". Building. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ "300 more jobs to go at Atkins". Building. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ "WS Atkins buys into US with $280m PBSJ deal". The Independent. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ Atkins acquires additional expertise in the oil and gas sector
^ Atkins acquires Houston-based oil and gas engineering business
^ Failed Parsons Brinckerhoff bid cost Atkins £4.5m
^ Atkins creates world leading nuclear services consultancy with acquisition of US nuclear business
^ Prior, Grant (21 April 2017). "Atkins agrees £2.1bn takeover by Canadian group". Construction Enquirer. Retrieved 21 April 2017. 
^ Prior, Grant (1 July 2017). "Atkins announces job cuts days before Lavalin takeover". Construction Enquirer. Retrieved 3 July 2017. 
^ "Atkins now under Canadian ownership". The Construction Index. 4 July 2017. Retrieved 5 July 2017. 
^ "DELISTING AND CANCELLATION OF TRADING OF ATKINS SHARES". London Stock Exchange. 4 July 2017. Retrieved 7 July 2017. 
^ a b "WS Atkins PLC, ATK:LSE profile - FT.com". ft.com. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ "Centaurus". atkinsglobal.com. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ "Regatta Apartments". atkinsglobal.com. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ "Projects". atkinsglobal.com. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ "Atkins reveals design for Asia Aerospace City in Malaysia - 15 July 2014". Atkins. 15 July 2014. Retrieved 17 July 2014. 
^ "Capital Fort - Offices for rent". capitalfort.com. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ "Bahrain World Trade Center". atkinsglobal.com. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ "Burj Al Arab". atkinsglobal.com. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ "Dubai Metro". atkinsglobal.com. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ "Al Mashaaer Al Mugaddassah Metro". atkinsglobal.com. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ "High potential (Interview with Rod Steward)". Investvine.com. 16 January 2013. Retrieved 17 January 2013. 
^ "The Address Project". Atkinsglobal.com. Retrieved 11 July 2013. 
^ Hunters Point Shipyard Archived 21 January 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Howard County - Little Patuxent Water Reclamation Plant". ho.md.us. Archived from the original on 16 March 2015. Retrieved 23 March 2015. 
^ Hurricane & Storm Damage Risk Reduction System Archived 14 October 2012 at the Wayback Machine.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Atkins (company).



WS Atkins
Keith Clarke CBE interview







v
t
e


Construction industry of the United Kingdom






Construction
Economy of the United Kingdom





companies





consultancies
and support
services




AMEC
Amey
Arcadis
Architecture firms
Arup
Atkins

Faithful+Gould


Buro Happold
Capita
CH2M
Cundall
Davis Langdon
Elliott Wood
Expedition Engineering
Flint & Neill
Gifford
Hoare Lea
Interserve
Mace
Mitie
Mott MacDonald
Mouchel
RPS
Scott Wilson
Sweett Group
WSP






house
builders






current




Barratt
Bellway
Berkeley
Bloor
Boot
Bovis
Countryside Properties
Crest Nicholson
Keepmoat
Lend Lease
McCarthy & Stone
Miller
Muir
Persimmon
Redrow
Taylor Wimpey
Telford Homes
United House






defunct




Ashtons
Beazer
Broseley
Bryant Homes
Comben Homes
George Wimpey
Ideal Homes
Jelsons
McLean Homes
Taylor Woodrow
Westbury
William Leech
Wilson Bowden









integrated
construction




Balfour Beatty
BAM Nuttall
Carillion
Cleveland Bridge & Engineering
Clugston
Costain
Galliford Try
Gleeson
Interserve
Kier
Laing O'Rourke
Lend Lease
Linford
Mace
Morgan Sindall
Shepherd
Sir Robert McAlpine
VolkerFitzpatrick
Wates
Willmott Dixon






suppliers






current




Aggregate Industries
Artex
Ashtead
Brogan
Buildbase
Celotex
Cemex UK
Hanson
Hope Cement
HSS Hire
Jewson
Kingspan

Kingspan Off-Site


London Brick
Mero-Schmidlin
Pilkington
RMD Kwikform
Saint Gobain
SIG
Speedy Hire
Tarmac

Tarmac Building Products


Tata Steel Europe
Travis Perkins
Wolseley






defunct




Blue Circle Industries
Redland
RMC Group
Tarmac Group











government and
regulatory bodies



Department for Communities and Local Government
Department for Business, Innovation and Skills
Health & Safety Executive
Local planning authority
Planning Inspectorate
Chief Construction Adviser to UK Government





industry
bodies



British Constructional Steelwork Association
BSRIA
Build UK
Building Research Establishment
Chartered Institute of Building
Civil Engineering Contractors Association
Construction Clients' Group
Construction Industry Council
CIRIA
CITB
Constructing Excellence
Electrical Safety Council
Federation of Master Builders
Home Builders Federation
Institution of Civil Engineers
Institution of Structural Engineers
National Access and Scaffolding Confederation
National Federation of Builders
National Federation of Demolition Contractors
National House Building Council
Refined Bitumen Association
Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors
Scottish Building Federation
SELECT (Electrical Contractors' Association of Scotland)
Society of Construction Arbitrators
Specialist Engineering Contractors Group
Strategic Forum for Construction





sustainability



Association for Environment Conscious Building
BREEAM
Code for Sustainable Homes
EcoHomes
Energy efficiency in British housing
Good Homes Alliance
UK Green Building Council





other



British Construction Industry Awards
Building
Building regulations in the United Kingdom
Building regulations approval
Construction News
Development control in the United Kingdom
New Civil Engineer
Planning permission
Town and country planning in the United Kingdom






 Category










v
t
e


Technology






Outline of technology
Outline of applied science





Fields




Agriculture



Agricultural engineering
Aquaculture
Fisheries science
Food chemistry
Food engineering
Food microbiology
Food technology
GURT
ICT
Nutrition





Biomedical



Bioinformatics
Biological engineering
Biomechatronics
Biomedical engineering
Biotechnology
Cheminformatics
Genetic engineering
Healthcare science
Medical research
Medical technology
Nanomedicine
Neuroscience
Neurotechnology
Pharmacology
Reproductive technology
Tissue engineering





Buildings and
construction



Acoustical engineering
Architectural engineering
Building services engineering
Civil engineering
Construction engineering
Domestic technology
Facade engineering
Fire protection engineering
Safety engineering
Sanitary engineering
Structural engineering





Educational



Educational software
Digital technologies in education
ICT in education
Impact
Multimedia learning
Virtual campus
Virtual education





Energy



Nuclear engineering
Nuclear technology
Petroleum engineering
Soft energy technology





Environmental



Clean technology
Clean coal technology
Ecological design
Ecological engineering
Ecotechnology
Environmental engineering
Environmental engineering science
Green building
Green nanotechnology
Landscape engineering
Renewable energy
Sustainable design
Sustainable engineering





Industrial



Automation
Business informatics
Engineering management
Enterprise engineering
Financial engineering
Industrial biotechnology
Industrial engineering
Metallurgy
Mining engineering
Productivity improving technologies
Research and development
Tribology





IT and
communications



Artificial intelligence
Broadcast engineering
Computer engineering
Computer science
Financial technology
Information technology
Music technology
Ontology engineering
RF engineering
Software engineering
Telecommunications engineering
Visual technology
Web engineering





Military



Army engineering maintenance
Electronic warfare
Military communications
Military engineering
Stealth technology





Transport



Aerospace engineering
Automotive engineering
Naval architecture
Space technology
Traffic engineering
Transport engineering









Others




Applied
science



Cryogenics
Electro-optics
Electronics
Engineering geology
Engineering physics
Hydraulics
Materials science
Microfabrication
Nanoengineering





Engineering
(list)



Audio
Biochemical
Ceramic
Chemical
Polymer
Control
Electrical
Electronic
Entertainment
Geotechnical
Hydraulic
Mechanical
Mechatronics
Optical
Protein
Quantum
Robotics

Animatronics


Systems














Components



Infrastructure
Invention

Timeline


Knowledge
Machine
Skill

Craft


Tool

Gadget







Scales



Femtotechnology
Picotechnology
Nanotechnology
Microtechnology
Macro-engineering
Megascale engineering





History



Prehistoric technology
Neolithic Revolution
Ancient technology
Medieval technology
Renaissance technology
Industrial Revolution

Second


Atomic Age
Jet Age
Space Age
Digital Revolution
Information Age





Theories and
concepts



Appropriate technology
Collingridge dilemma
Critique of technology
Diffusion of innovations
Disruptive innovation
Dual-use technology
Ephemeralization
High tech
Hype cycle
Low-technology
Mature technology
Strategy of Technology
Technicism
Techno-progressivism
Technocapitalism
Technocentrism
Technocracy
Technocriticism
Technoculture
Technoethics
Technoetic
Technogaianism
Technoliberalism
Technolibertarianism
Technological alliance
Technological apartheid
Technological change
Technological convergence
Technological determinism
Technological escalation
Technological evolution
Technological fix
Technological innovation system
Technological momentum
Technological nationalism
Technological paradigm
Technological rationality
Technological revival
Technological revolution
Technological self-efficacy
Technological singularity

Singularitarianism


Technological somnambulism
Technological transitions
Technological unemployment
Technological utopianism
Technology lifecycle

Technology acceptance model
Technology adoption lifecycle


Technomancy
Technopaganism
Technorealism
Technoromanticism
Technoscience

feminist


Transhumanism





Other



Emerging technologies

List


Fictional technology
High-technology business districts
Kardashev scale
List of technologies
Philosophy of technology

Ethics of technology


Science, technology and society

Technology dynamics
Science and technology by country


STEM fields

Pre-STEM
women


STEAM fields
Technology alignment
Technology assessment
Technology brokering
Technology companies
Technology demonstration
Technology education

Technical universities and colleges


Technology evangelist
Technology fusion
Technology governance
Technology integration
Technology journalism
Technology management
Technology museum
Technology policy
Technology shock
Technology strategy
Technology and society
Technology transfer
Technophilia
Technophobia
Technoself
Technosexual
Technosignature
Technostress
Terotechnology








 Book
 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Atkins_(company)&oldid=793408195"					
Categories: British companies established in 1938Engineering companies of the United KingdomBusiness services companies of the United KingdomConstruction and civil engineering companies of the United KingdomCompanies based in SurreyEngineering consulting firmsCompanies listed on the London Stock ExchangeConsulting firms established in 1938Hidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse dmy dates from July 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CymraegDanskDeutschFrançaisVolapük 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 August 2017, at 15:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 



























WS Atkins plc (ATK) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis

















































































ABOUT US
BLOG
CONTACT US
FAQ























USD
EUR
GBP



USD 
▼

USD
EUR
GBP






€
EUR
$
USD
£
GBP







+353-1-416-8900REST OF WORLD



1-800-526-8630U.S. (TOLL FREE)








 




Advanced








Price From: 
€109EUR$125USD£98GBP 
View Pricing






 Home
/






Categories
/






Company Reports











 
SELECT A FORMAT








€109EUR$125USD£98GBP



                                                        Single User
                                                         Electronic (PDF)






                                                                            
                                                                            This is a single user license, allowing one specific user access to the product. The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 

                                                










€219EUR$250USD£196GBP



                                                        Site License
                                                         Electronic (PDF)






                                                                            
                                                                            This is a site license, allowing all users within a given geographical location of your organisation access to the product. The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 

                                                










€328EUR$375USD£294GBP



                                                        Enterprisewide
                                                         Electronic (PDF)






                                                                            
                                                                            This is an enterprise license, allowing all employees within your organisation access to the product. The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 

                                                







  ADD TO BASKET




                                                                        order by fax
                                        

                                            need a quote ?
                                        



 

OUR CLIENTS












HAVE A QUESTION?
EMAIL US
VIEW FAQs



RECENTLY VIEWED PRODUCTS











Partner of Research and MarketsVACCINATING 40,000 CHILDREN IN 2017





WHY CHOOSE RESEARCH AND MARKETS?



WORLD'S LARGEST SELECTION




TRUSTED BY THE BEST




CUSTOMER FOCUSED




SAFE & SECURE







Swift and seamless service provided. Having been kept up to date with progress was a bonus, as there

                         were absolutely no delays.
                        
                    



                            READ MORE
                        


Mr Anton Giani
Financial Director
Zaad Holdings















WS Atkins plc (ATK) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis



ID: 2037193
Company Profile
August 2015
42 pages

World Market Intelligence                                

Atkins 












DESCRIPTION


TABLE OF CONTENTS


FORMATS







1 of 3











                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






                                                                                    This "WS Atkins plc (ATK) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, SWOT analysis, business description, company history, key competitors, financial analysis, mergers & acquisitions, recent developments, key employees, company locations and subsidiaries as well as employee biographies.Summary:This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "WS Atkins plc"The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. The report strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.Scope:- Examines and identifies key information and issues about "WS Atkins plc" for business intelligence requirements.- Studies and presents the company's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities (growth potential) and threats (competition). Strategic and operational business information is objectively reported.- The profile also contains information on business operations, company history, major products and services, key employees, and locations and subsidiaries.Reasons To Buy:- Quickly enhance your understanding of "WS Atkins plc"- Gain insight into the marketplace and a better understanding of internal and external factors which could impact the industry.- Increase business/sales activities by understanding your competitors’ businesses better.- Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.Key HighlightsWS Atkins plc (Atkins) is an engineering consultancy company. The company is involved in providing engineering, design, planning, project management and consulting services. The company also offers infrastructure planning, engineering, construction management, environmental consulting, architecture, and program management services. It offers engineering and technically integrated design services to clients in the public, regulated and private sectors. It operates in aerospace, aviation, buildings, defense, education, energy, environment, healthcare, information communications, marine and coastal, mass transit, nuclear, oil and gas, power, rail, renewable, roads, security, tourism and leisure, and urban development industries. The company has operations in the Middle East, Asia-Pacific, Europe and North America. Atkins is headquartered in Epsom, England, the UK.
                                                                                

 SHOW LESS
                                                                                

 READ MORE
                                                                                



Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




2 of 3







                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






                                                                    Table of Contents1 WS Atkins plc - Business Analysis1.1 WS Atkins plc - Company Overview1.2 WS Atkins plc - Business Description1.3 WS Atkins plc - Major Products and Services2 WS Atkins plc - Analysis of Key Performance Indicators2.1 WS Atkins plc - Five Year Snapshot: Overview of Financial and Operational Performance Indicators2.2 WS Atkins plc - Key Financial Performance Indicators2.2.1 WS Atkins plc - Revenue and Operating Profit2.2.2 WS Atkins plc - Asset and Liabilities2.2.3 WS Atkins plc - Net Debt vs. Gearing Ratio2.2.4 WS Atkins plc - Solvency2.2.5 WS Atkins plc - Valuation2.3 WS Atkins plc - Key Competitors3 WS Atkins plc - Mergers & Acquisitions and Partnerships3.1 WS Atkins plc - M&A and Partnerships Strategy4 WS Atkins plc - Recent Developments5 WS Atkins plc - SWOT Analysis5.1 WS Atkins plc - SWOT Analysis - Overview5.2 WS Atkins plc - Strengths5.3 WS Atkins plc - Weaknesses5.4 WS Atkins plc - Opportunities5.5 WS Atkins plc - Threats6 WS Atkins plc - Company Statement7 WS Atkins plc - History8 WS Atkins plc - Key Employees9 WS Atkins plc - Key Employee Biographies10 WS Atkins plc - Locations and Subsidiaries10.1 WS Atkins plc - Head Office10.2 WS Atkins plc - Other Locations and Subsidiaries11 Appendix11.1 Methodology11.2 Ratio Definitions11.3 DisclaimerList of TablesTable 1: WS Atkins plc - Major Products and ServicesTable 2: WS Atkins plc - Key Ratios - AnnualTable 3: WS Atkins plc - Key Ratios - InterimTable 4: WS Atkins plc - Key Capital Market IndicatorsTable 5: WS Atkins plc - HistoryTable 6: WS Atkins plc - Key EmployeesTable 7: WS Atkins plc - Key Employee BiographiesTable 8: WS Atkins plc - SubsidiariesTable 9: WS Atkins plc - LocationsList of FiguresFigure 1: WS Atkins plc - Revenue and Operating ProfitFigure 2: WS Atkins plc - Financial PositionFigure 3: WS Atkins plc - Net Debt vs. Gearing RatioFigure 4: WS Atkins plc - SolvencyFigure 5: WS Atkins plc - Valuation
                                                                
Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




3 of 3





LOADING...







4 of 3






Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown








RELATED PRODUCTS 







WS Atkins plc (ATK) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


 SWOT Analysis
March 2014




FROM


€109EUR$125USD£98GBP







WS Atkins plc Company Profile - Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials


 Company Profile
May 2016




FROM


€175EUR$200USD£157GBP







WS Atkins plc Company Profile - Business Description, Strategies, SWOT and Financial Analysis


 SWOT Analysis
October 2014




FROM


€175EUR$200USD£157GBP







WS Atkins plc - Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A), Partnerships & Alliances and Investment Report


 Mergers and Acquisitions Profiles
May 2017




FROM


€306EUR$350USD£274GBP







WS Industries India Limited Company Profile - Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials


 Company Profile
May 2016
Region: India




FROM


€175EUR$200USD£157GBP







WS Packaging Group, Inc.: Paper and Packaging - Company Profile & SWOT Analysis


 Company Profile
June 2016




FROM


€109EUR$125USD£98GBP







WS Industries India Limited Company Profile - Business Description, Strategies and SWOT Analysis


 SWOT Analysis
October 2014
Region: India




FROM


€175EUR$200USD£157GBP







WS Atkins plc


 Company Profile
68 Pages
June 2017






€75EUR$92USD£70GBP







Turner & Townsend plc - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


 SWOT Analysis
December 2016




FROM


€109EUR$125USD£98GBP







Amey plc - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


 SWOT Analysis
February 2016




FROM


€109EUR$125USD£98GBP








 close

WS Atkins plc (ATK) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis



 close

ASK A QUESTION

*Required Information
 
Product: WS Atkins plc (ATK) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis


YOUR QUESTION*







YOUR CONTACT DETAILS*

Title
Mr
Mrs
Dr
Miss
Ms
Prof




First Name




Last Name




Email Address




Country
Please Select
------------------------------
United States
United Kingdom
Germany
Canada
Australia
------------------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica-Casey
Antarctica-Scott
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Atlantic East
Atlantic West
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaco 
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte Islands
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Islands
North Korea
Northern Ireland
Northern Marianas
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Christopher Nevis
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis And Futuna
West Bank
West Indies
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Phone Number



+1
+11
+1-242
+1-246
+1-264
+1-268
+1-284
+1-345
+1-441
+1-473
+1-649
+1-664
+1-670
+1-671
+1-684
+1-758
+1-767
+1-784
+1-787
+1-809
+1-868
+1-869
+1-876
+20
+212
+213
+216
+218
+220
+221
+222
+224
+225
+226
+227
+228
+229
+23
+230
+231
+232
+233
+234
+235
+236
+237
+238
+239
+240
+241
+242
+243
+244
+245
+247
+248
+249
+250
+251
+252
+253
+254
+255
+256
+257
+258
+260
+261
+263
+264
+265
+266
+267
+268
+269
+27
+284
+290
+291
+297
+298
+299
+30
+31
+32
+33
+34
+350
+351
+352
+353
+354
+355
+356
+357
+358
+359
+36
+370
+371
+372
+373
+374
+375
+376
+377
+378
+379
+380
+381
+382
+385
+386
+387
+389
+39
+40
+41
+420
+421
+423
+43
+44
+45
+46
+47
+48
+49
+500
+501
+502
+503
+504
+505
+506
+507
+509
+51
+52
+53
+54
+55
+56
+57
+58
+590
+591
+592
+593
+594
+595
+596
+597
+598
+599
+60
+61
+6101
+62
+63
+64
+65
+66
+670
+672
+673
+674
+675
+677
+678
+679
+680
+681
+682
+683
+685
+686
+687
+688
+689
+691
+692
+7
+81
+82
+84
+850
+852
+853
+855
+856
+86
+869
+871
+874
+880
+886
+90
+91
+92
+93
+94
+95
+960
+961
+962
+963
+964
+965
+966
+967
+968
+970
+971
+972
+973
+974
+975
+976
+977
+98
+992
+993
+994
+995
+996
+998












We request your telephone number so we can contact you in the event we have difficulty reaching you via email.
                    We aim to respond to all questions on the same business day.





 



 close

SEND TO A FRIEND

* Required Information
 FRIEND'S DETAILS

Full Name*




Email Address*




Message to friend




YOUR CONTACT DETAILS

Full Name*




Email Address*













 


 close

Request a Quote

 
Please complete the below form and click "send request" to obtain a pdf quotation and order form.
This document will be available for immediate download and will also be emailed to you.
            
* Required Information


YOUR ADDRESS

Address 1*




Address 2




Address 3




City*




Postal/ZIP Code




Country*
Please Select
------------------------------
United States
United Kingdom
Germany
Canada
Australia
------------------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica-Casey
Antarctica-Scott
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Atlantic East
Atlantic West
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaco 
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte Islands
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Islands
North Korea
Northern Ireland
Northern Marianas
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Christopher Nevis
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis And Futuna
West Bank
West Indies
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State





YOUR DETAILS

Title*
Mr
Mrs
Dr
Miss
Ms
Prof




First Name*




Last Name*




Organisation*




Email Address*




Phone Number*



+1
+11
+1-242
+1-246
+1-264
+1-268
+1-284
+1-345
+1-441
+1-473
+1-649
+1-664
+1-670
+1-671
+1-684
+1-758
+1-767
+1-784
+1-787
+1-809
+1-868
+1-869
+1-876
+20
+212
+213
+216
+218
+220
+221
+222
+224
+225
+226
+227
+228
+229
+23
+230
+231
+232
+233
+234
+235
+236
+237
+238
+239
+240
+241
+242
+243
+244
+245
+247
+248
+249
+250
+251
+252
+253
+254
+255
+256
+257
+258
+260
+261
+263
+264
+265
+266
+267
+268
+269
+27
+284
+290
+291
+297
+298
+299
+30
+31
+32
+33
+34
+350
+351
+352
+353
+354
+355
+356
+357
+358
+359
+36
+370
+371
+372
+373
+374
+375
+376
+377
+378
+379
+380
+381
+382
+385
+386
+387
+389
+39
+40
+41
+420
+421
+423
+43
+44
+45
+46
+47
+48
+49
+500
+501
+502
+503
+504
+505
+506
+507
+509
+51
+52
+53
+54
+55
+56
+57
+58
+590
+591
+592
+593
+594
+595
+596
+597
+598
+599
+60
+61
+6101
+62
+63
+64
+65
+66
+670
+672
+673
+674
+675
+677
+678
+679
+680
+681
+682
+683
+685
+686
+687
+688
+689
+691
+692
+7
+81
+82
+84
+850
+852
+853
+855
+856
+86
+869
+871
+874
+880
+886
+90
+91
+92
+93
+94
+95
+960
+961
+962
+963
+964
+965
+966
+967
+968
+970
+971
+972
+973
+974
+975
+976
+977
+98
+992
+993
+994
+995
+996
+998











                                PO Number
                                (if applicable)







PRODUCT FORMAT




License
Format
Properties
Price




 
SINGLE USER Electronic (PDF)                                                



                                            The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 
                                        

                                            This is a single user license, allowing one specific user access to the product.
                                        

€109EUR$125USD£98GBP





 
SITE LICENSE Electronic (PDF)                                                



                                            The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 
                                        

                                            This is a site license, allowing all users within a given geographical location of your organisation access to the product.
                                        

€219EUR$250USD£196GBP





 
ENTERPRISEWIDE Electronic (PDF)                                                



                                            The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 
                                        

                                            This is an enterprise license, allowing all employees within your organisation access to the product.
                                        

€328EUR$375USD£294GBP







* The price quoted above is only valid for 30 days. Please submit your order within that time frame to avail of this price as all prices are subject to change.





 






















