
Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd (MITDbi.SI)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd (MITDbi.SI)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySemiconductor Equipment & Testing












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				MITDbi.SI on Stock Exchange of Singapore


				0.25SGD
--





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$0.25


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

2,000




52-wk High

$0.25


52-wk Low

$0.17











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Kim Mone Kwong


1999

                                Executive Chairman of the Board, Managing Director




							Ban Hee Tan


2011

                                Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President




							Chin Tong Lim

60
2011

                                Executive Vice President, Executive Director




							Wah Meng Foo




                                Vice President




							Kok Yeow Lim


2011

                                Vice President, Head - Technology & Development




							Teck Keong Boh


2012

                                Senior Vice President and General Manager of Casem (Asia) Pte Ltd.




							Piau Yew Foo


2011

                                Vice President - Sales in Casem (Asia) Pte Ltd




							Weng Khiong Howe


2010

                                General Manager of Generic Power Pte Ltd.




							Siew Heng Teo


2001

                                Head - Corporate Services




							Yoen Har Wong


2016

                                Secretary




							Yong Guan Lee


2007

                                Lead Independent Non-Executive Director




							Boon Cheong Kam

51
2014

                                Independent Non-Executive Director




							Chin Tong Lim

58
2016

                                Non-Executive Independent Director




							Tien Tee Pow


2014

                                Non-Executive Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Kim Mone Kwong


					
							Mr. Kwong Kim Mone is Executive Chairman of the Board, Managing Director of Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd. He was appointed Director of the Company on 15 February 1992. He is the Founder and Managing Director of the Company and became its Chairman on 1 November 1999. Mr Kwong has been largely instrumental in providing the strategic direction and driving the business performance of the Group. Under his leadership, the Group has diversified beyond its core semiconductor business to include solar equipment, contract equipment manufacturing and precision machining services. This success has enabled the Group to broaden its revenue, product and customer base towards achieving a more sustainable growth. Mr Kwong was one of the recipients of the Rotary-ASME Entrepreneur of the Year Award in 1998. Under Mr Kwong’s stewardship, the Company garnered the “Enterprise 50 Awards” for the years 1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999 jointly organized by the Singapore Business Times and Anderson Consulting. Mr Kwong holds a Diploma in Mechanical Engineering from Singapore Polytechnic and a Diploma in Business Administration from the National Productivity Board.




							Ban Hee Tan


					
							Mr. Tan Ban Hee is Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President of Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd. He is overseeing the entire financial management of the Group at both operational and strategic levels. He also has responsibility for the Group’s IT function in his concurrent capacity as Head of the MIS Department. Prior to joining the Company in November 1999, he had held key finance portfolios in several local private and public listed companies. Mr. Tan, who graduated from Foon Yew High School in 1985, holds a Bachelor of Accountancy degree from the National University of Singapore and is currently a Fellow member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.




							Chin Tong Lim


					
							Mr. Lim Chin Tong is Executive Vice President, Executive Director of Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd. He was re-designated Executive Director of the Company on 15 August 2007 after serving as an Independent Director of the Company since February 2005. As Executive Director, Mr Lim oversees the formulation and execution of the Group’s business and growth strategies particularly in the areas of contract equipment manufacturing and precision engineering services. In his earlier career, Mr Lim held senior appointments in the Economic Development Board and was also Chief Executive Officer of Xpress Holdings Ltd. Mr Lim also sits on the Boards of Catalist-listed Metal Component Engineering Ltd, NYP International Pte Ltd and NPY Ventures Pte Ltd. A mechanical engineer by training, Mr Lim obtained a B. Sc. (Hons) degree from the University of Leeds (UK) and a Diploma in Business Administration from NUS. In addition, he attended the Program for Management Development at the Harvard Business School.




							Wah Meng Foo


					
							Mr. Foo (David) Wah Meng is Vice President of Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd. He joined the Company in March 1998 and is the VP of the Company’s Semiconductor business overseeing Sales and Marketing, as well as Service. Mr Foo graduated from the Singapore Polytechnic with a Diploma in Electronics and Communications. He was also awarded a scholarship by the then Trade Development Board to pursue an International Marketing program in collaboration with Denmark’s Niels Brock Business Institute.




							Kok Yeow Lim


					
							Mr. Lim (Eddy) Kok Yeow is Vice President, Head - Technology & Development of Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd. He was appointed Independent Director of the Company on 11 March 2005. Mr Lee, a FCPA Singapore and a Fellow member with Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, is currently the Executive Director of UnionPay International Co, a wholly owned subsidiary of China UnionPay Company in Shanghai. He was the past President of Visa Worldwide Pte Ltd overseeing the growth of Visa’s business in the Asia Pacific region. Mr. Lee was awarded the Lee Foundation Prize by Singapore’s Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) for being ranked first in their professional examination. Mr. Lee currently serves as a member of the SMU School of Accountancy Advisory Board. He is also a member of the Singapore Harvard Club.




							Teck Keong Boh


					
							Mr. Boh Teck Keong is Senior Vice President and General Manager of Casem (Asia) Pte Ltd., a subsidiary of Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd. He joined the Company in November 2002 as General Manager with responsibility for Technology & Product Engineering. From March 2012, he took up a new appointment as Senior VP and General Manager of Casem (Asia) Pte Ltd. Effective from the date of his new portfolio, Casem (Asia) now handles all of the Group’s contract equipment manufacturing (CEM) business supporting a wide range of industries including MedTech. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Boh had worked with various semiconductor MNCs overseeing Engineering and Sales. Mr. Boh graduated from the University of Singapore (Mechanical Engineering) in 1980. He also holds a Graduate Diploma in Business Administration from the Singapore Institute of Management.




							Piau Yew Foo


					
							Mr. Foo (Dennis) Piau Yew is Vice President - Sales in Casem (Asia) Pte Ltd, a subsidiary of Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd. He is the VP of Sales in Casem (Asia) Pte Ltd with responsibility for sales, marketing and business development of the Group’s contract equipment manufacturing (CEM) business. In his earlier career, he had held senior engineering and operations positions in various American and European MNCs related to harddisk, IC and leadframe manufacturing as well as in automotive electronics. Mr Foo graduated with a Bachelor degree in Mechanical and Production Engineering from Nanyang Technological University in 1993 and a MBA from the University of Nottingham Business School in 2004.




							Weng Khiong Howe


					
							Mr. Howe Weng Khiong is General Manager of Generic Power Pte Ltd., a subsidiary of Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd. He joined Generic Power Pte Ltd as General Manager in January 2010, overseeing the vision inspection business. Mr Howe is concurrently the Senior VP and General Manager of iPAC Manufacturing Pte Ltd with responsibility for Manufacturing, Materials and Supply Chain operations supporting the various business units in the Group. Prior to joining the Company, Mr Howe was the General Manager of a semiconductor silicon wafer reclaim company. He was also an Investment Manager with EDB Investments Pte Ltd from the period 1996 to 2000. Mr Howe holds a Bachelor of Accounting degree from the Nanyang Technological University.




							Siew Heng Teo


					
							Mr. Teo (Cavin) Siew Heng is Head - Corporate Services of Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd. He joined the Company in March 2001 as Senior Human Resource and Administration Manager. He concurrently holds the appointment as Head of Corporate Services overseeing HRM and Corporate Affairs. Before joining the Company, Mr Teo had held various senior managerial appointments in local, Japanese and American MNCs. He graduated with a MBA from the Central Queensland University (Australia) with several Dean’s Letter of Commendation; and a Bachelor of Business from the University of Tasmania (Australia) (“UTAS”). At UTAS, he was also a recipient of the Dean’s Roll of Excellence conferred by the Faculty of Commerce. As a training practitioner, he completed his ACTA training at the Institute of Adult Learning.




							Yoen Har Wong







							Yong Guan Lee


					
							Mr. Lee Yong Guan is Lead Independent Non-Executive Director of Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd. He was appointed Independent Director of the Company on 11 March 2005. Mr. Lee, a FCPA Singapore and a Fellow member with Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, is currently the Executive Director of UnionPay International Co, a wholly owned subsidiary of China UnionPay Company in Shanghai. He was the past President of Visa Worldwide Pte Ltd overseeing the growth of Visa’s business in the Asia Pacific region. Mr Lee was awarded the Lee Foundation Prize by Singapore’s Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) for being ranked first in their professional examination. Mr. Lee currently serves as a member of the SMU School of Accountancy Advisory Board. He is also a member of the Singapore Harvard Club.




							Boon Cheong Kam


					
							Mr. Kam Boon Cheong is Independent Non-Executive Director of Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd. He was appointed Independent Director of the Company on 5 May 2014. He graduated from Glasglow University, Scotland, with a degree in Mechanical Engineering in 1987. He began his engineering career in Apple Computer before moving to several high technology companies such as ICOS Vision Systems and KLA-Tencor with regional responsibilities. Mr Kam was the Managing Director of ICOS at the time of its acquisition by KLA-Tencor in 2008 and remained in the latter until 2011. Thereafter, he has been providing corporate advisory services to local corporations.




							Chin Tong Lim


					
							Mr. Lim Chin Hong is Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company. He has vast experience managing global businesses in key markets including China, US and Singapore. He is currently the founding and managing partner at GreenMeadows Accelerator Pte Ltd (GMA), which is primarily focused on incubating and translating technology startups in the hardware arena. Prior to incorporating GMA, Chin Hong had spent a year as a partner at Small World Group Incubator (SWGI) and guided start­ups in technology commercialization. SWGI is one of the fourteen NRF TIS approved incubators. At Sunningdale Tech Ltd, an SGX­listed company, Chin Hong served the roles of CTO/EVP for 8 years. He oversaw tooling operations, acquisitions in Mexico and US, and spearheaded building a new business unit in medical plastics business. He was also involved in turning around China subsidiaries and building strategic alliances and partnerships. Prior to that, Chin Hong spent 23 years with HewlettPackard (Singapore Components Operation) and Agilent Technologies (Semiconductor Group) holding senior management positions (GM/VP) in overseeing manufacturing processes, R&D and plant management of multiple product lines and business units. His last portfolio was with Agilent Technologies' (Manufacturing Test Business Unit), which was part of the Automated Test Group that was responsible for HP/Agilent famous HP3075 ICT testers. Chin Hong also spent two years as the Engineering Director of winchester harddisk and QIC tape drive companies. Some of his specialties include strong understanding of multi­disciplinary engineering and material sciences, cost accounting and business finance. Chin Hong has served as board member of several local start­ups, mentor and panelist for NRF Technovation pitching, NUS Incubation panel and also at SPRING TECS (Engineering). Chin Hong obtained his BSc (Hons) in Production Engineering & Management from University of Strathclyde (UK) and a MBA from Golden Gate University (US).




							Tien Tee Pow


					
							Mr. Pow Tien Tee is Non-Executive Independent Director of Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd. Mr Pow had worked many years in the semiconductor industry covering the whole APEC region. In 2013, he retired as the Regional President and MD of Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte Ltd., and Chairman of Infineon China, Infineon Shanghai, Infineon Wuxi and Infineon Xi’an, and Managing Director of Infineon Technologies Hong Kong Co. Ltd. Mr Pow has a degree in Business Administration in Political Science and History from Nanyang University, Singapore. He is currently the Principal Consultant of ORTUS Consulting Group, China. He was conferred Honorary Professorship by Xi’an University of Electronic Science and Technology, Xi’an, in 2009 and had also authored a book for the University entitled “High Performance Enterprise Management” in 2013.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Kim Mone Kwong

--




							Ban Hee Tan

--




							Chin Tong Lim

--




							Wah Meng Foo

--




							Kok Yeow Lim

--




							Teck Keong Boh

--




							Piau Yew Foo

--




							Weng Khiong Howe

--




							Siew Heng Teo

--




							Yoen Har Wong

--




							Yong Guan Lee

--




							Boon Cheong Kam

--




							Chin Tong Lim

--




							Tien Tee Pow

--



As Of 






					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Kim Mone Kwong

0
0




							Ban Hee Tan

0
0




							Chin Tong Lim

0
0




							Wah Meng Foo

0
0




							Kok Yeow Lim

0
0




							Teck Keong Boh

0
0




							Piau Yew Foo

0
0




							Weng Khiong Howe

0
0




							Siew Heng Teo

0
0




							Yoen Har Wong

0
0




							Yong Guan Lee

0
0




							Boon Cheong Kam

0
0




							Chin Tong Lim

0
0




							Tien Tee Pow

0
0









					Insider Trading




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySemiconductor Equipment & Testing































	Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd Profile Information Details


























Home

                        >

Companies

                        >

                                Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd
                            



Google Plus
Facebook Tweeter Email





















                                    Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


                                

                                    5004 Ang Mo Kio Ave 5 #03-02 Techplace II S(569872)
                                





CALL NOW+65  64866302
SEND FAX+65  64812202
ENQUIRE NOW







Location 


                                                    Website 
Our Branches


Our Branches



                                                            Loading Branches Please Wait....
                                                        













Product Catalogue
PDF Download
Products & Services 

Brand Names
Company Profile





                            Customers also viewed these companies:
                        







                                            Servoconnect Systems (Asia) Pte Ltd
                                        







                                            Elshin International Pte Ltd
                                        







                                            Optical Gaging (S) Pte Ltd
                                        







                                            Mc-Cast Pte Ltd
                                        









Product Catalogue


0
                            Products |
                            Add To Cart
                            |
                            View Cart










Follow us on :



















                            Download PDF




0
                                Product Catalogue 







More




Back To Top




8
                            Products & Services



Products & Services 





                                        automation systems & equipment
                                    



                                        contract manufacturing service
                                    



                                        engineering works
                                    



                                        inspection systems: vision
                                    



                                        integrated circuit manufacturing machines
                                    



                                        laser marking systems
                                    



                                        precision machining service
                                    



                                        sorting systems
                                    





More





Back To Top



1
                            Brands






                                        MIT
                                    -Integrated Circuit Assembly Equipment 




More




Back To Top




                            Company Profile














Update Details




Back To Top



                            Product News



View all
                                0
                                Product News




Back To Top



                            Press Release



View all
                                0
                                Press Release





                            Send Enquiry to:
                            Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd

SHOW EMAIL ADDRESS



                                Registration is not compulsory to send enquiry




                            
                            I Am Looking For
                        






* Product/Service :


                                            Type in here the specific products and services you would like to enquire. (e.g.
                                            electrical fuse, solenoid valve, cleaning services, etc.)




                                        Brand Name :


                                            Type in here the specific parts and brand name you are looking for. (e.g. Sony,
                                            Mitsubishi, Yokohama, etc.)






                                        Model No. :




                                        Quantity Required :







* Subject :







* Message :





 

                                        ** Register / Login to attach documents and pictures.
                                    





                                    
                                    My Contact Information
                                



* Email Address :








* Name :




                                        Occupation :







* Company Name :




                                        Website :






                                        
                                        Address :







*
                                        Country :



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
All of ASEAN
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asia
Asia Pacific
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia And Herzegowina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia (Local Name: Hrvatska)
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Asia
East Asia Pacific
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard And Mc Donald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Icel And
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic Of)
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Dem People'S Republic
Korea, Republic Of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People'S Dem Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States
Middle East
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Ant Illes
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
S Korea
Saint K Itts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent, The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Singapore and regional countries
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South East Asia
South Georgia , S Sandwich Is.
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre And Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard, Jan Mayen Islands
Sw Aziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Is.
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
World Wide
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe






* Telephone :




                                        Fax :
                                    





									Please contact me through:
                                    
Email or Phone
Phone only
Email only
**One or more suppliers may contact you.




* Confirmation Code:











                                         


If do not contact me in 24 hours using TES platform,
please recommend me matching suppliers.



I have read and agreed the Terms and Conditions of the service.




                                         




saving please wait ...
                                        





















                                    Trade Enquiry Service
















Forgot your Password?
LOGIN











                                        ENJOY THESE OPPOTUNITIES AND
                                        ADVANTAGES OF USING
                                        THE GREEN BOOK TRADE ENQUIRY SERVICE:
                                    








Access to over 100,000 suppliers that
                                        match your enquiry
Upload attachment up to 2MB & store for at least 3 months 
Get email notification alerts from matched
                                        
                                        suppliers
View and manage ALL enquiries in one
                                        platform
Manage replies through our mailbox thread system
Save your favourite suppliers in your personal directory























































































    MANUFACTURING INTEGRATION TECHNOLOGY LTD (36817)
  































          
            MANUFACTURING INTEGRATION TECHNOLOGY LTD (36817)
        

Sign in

Free Registration




English
日本語






Asia wide Manufacturing Business Platform in Singapore
 TECH DIRECTORY Singapore 



Companies
Products and services
Catalogues

















My Page
            


Help
 













MANUFACTURING INTEGRATION TECHNOLOGY LTD





Tweet
















Business description
solar business




Company profile
          






Members only
You can download the list of companies in the same area, MANUFACTURING INTEGRATION TECHNOLOGY LTD (CSV file format)






Download(CSV file)
 



Users looking at this company downloaded these catalogs








 

Mechanical Carbon


TOYO TANSO (SINGAPORE) CO., LTD.








 

Roller Follower


THK LM SYSTEM Pte. Ltd.








 

SENQCIA CORPORATION / Heavy Duty Roller Chains


SENQCIA CORPORATION








 

Solutions for dirt accumulation, Mold Maintenance Training Cartoon Series


SOMAX CO., LTD.








 

SPECIFICATION-EN


Prime Star Co., Ltd.







Company profile


Postal code
569872


Area/Country
North East, Singapore


Address
Blk 5004, #03-12 Ang Mo Kio Ave 5, TECHplace II


TEL



View the telephone number


Please register your E-mail address. We will send you useful tips to help you find products or companies in Singapore.











SKIP





Registered member enjoy many more benefits

Free Registration



Already a member? Please sign in.
Sign in




Thank you for registering your E-mail address with us.  You will receive useful tips to help you find products or companies in Singapore.

 +65-6486-6315

 

Registered member enjoy many more benefits

Free Registration



Already a member? Please sign in.
Sign in







FAX
+65-6481-8955


URL
http://www.mit.com.sg/en/




Category







Search Company from location
>Singapore>North East




Search company by Business category
>Others






Members only
You can download the list of companies in the same area, MANUFACTURING INTEGRATION TECHNOLOGY LTD (CSV file format)






Download(CSV file)
 














Registered members (Free)can obtain product catalogues, company information and technology newsletter, which are useful for finding products and companies.
Free Registration
Sign in
What is TECH DIRECTORY Singapore?


Technology newsletter

You will receive the latest products / technical information by email(Free).


input email



 What is the Technology newsletter?
Unsubscribe from the Technology newsletter









Hot!





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 

Read more




Recommended catalogue packs for you

Numerous products catalogs made by various companies can easily and individually be downloaded.



              Terminal/Socket
 


              Plating apparatus
 


              Anticorrosive
 


              Machining center
 




PAGE TOP






Register your e-mail address so that you will get the information you are looking for.





Enter E-mail address




 
or

Sign Up for Facebook



close










Technology newsletter




中国での製品探し、企業探しに役立つ情報を配信します。




Benefit 1
中国で調達できる製品・サービスの情報を配信します。
Benefit 2
We distribute new products / technology information
Benefit 3
We provide useful information to improve your skills










Publishing contents

●中国で調達できる製品・サービス
●New products, new technology
- Globally popular Products / Services

etc.latest products / technology information is sent by email(Free)


input email




 








Sign in








*E-mail address:
            









*Password:
            









Stay signed in



Forget your password?










New membership registration











































  MIT:Singapore Stock Quote - Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd   MIT:SP   Singapore        0.260SGD   0.015   6.12%     As of 5:04 AM EDT 8/3/2017     Open   0.245    Day Range   0.235 - 0.260    Volume   1,423,100    Previous Close   0.245    52Wk Range   0.129 - 0.265    1 Yr Return   54.76%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.245    Day Range   0.235 - 0.260    Volume   1,423,100    Previous Close   0.245    52Wk Range   0.129 - 0.265    1 Yr Return   54.76%    YTD Return   49.43%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (SGD) (TTM)   -0.025    Market Cap (m SGD)   58.983    Shares Outstanding  (m)   226.857    Price/Sales (TTM)   1.64    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Information Technology   % Price Change -0.32%     Industry Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment   % Price Change -0.65%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Manufacturing Integration Technology Limited designs, develops, manufactures, and distributes automated equipment for the semiconductor industry.  The Company also designs and manufactures vision inspection system and precision engineering.    Address  Block 5004 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5#03-12 TECHplace IISingapore, 569872Singapore   Phone  65-6481-0511   Website   www.mit.com.sg     Executives Board Members    Kwong Kim Mone  Chairman/Mng Dir/Founder    Tan Ban Hee  Exec VP/CFO    Lim Chin Tong  Exec VP/Executive Director    Lim Kok Yeow "Eddy"  VP/Head:Tech & Dev    Foo Wah Meng "David"  VP:Semiconductor Bus     Show More         


Integration Technology Ltd - World pioneering designer and developer of ultra-violet (UV) curing solutions


























































































Integration Technology Ltd
World pioneering designer and developer of ultra-violet (UV) curing solutions
Navigation


TELEPHONE: +44 (0) 1869 233611













	    	    					    	    					WELCOME	    	    					    	    			

	    	    				to Integration Technology Ltd…	    	    			










	    	    					    	    					WELCOME	    	    					    	    			

	    	    				to Integration Technology Ltd…	    	    			










	    	    					    	    					WELCOME	    	    					    	    			

	    	    				to Integration Technology Ltd…	    	    			











 
More About ITL

Our philosophy has brought consistent benefit to us and our customers since we started in 2000, and since grown to become the world’s leading designer...Read more...


UV Curing Systems

Integration Technology offers three ranges of standard light sources, which can be sold alone or as part of a fully integrated modular system. Read more...


UV Technology Applications

Integration Technology was the first developer of UV emitters to recognise the unique needs of wide and grand format UV inkjet printers. Read more...


Global Markets

From our offices in the UK, USA, Korea, China and Japan, we provide ongoing regional support to OEMs, ink suppliers, print head manufacturers ... Read more...

 
 

Latest News
We have lots going on here at Integration 
Technology, find out the latest news around the globe and across all media. Interact with 
comments and opinions to promote discussion.
View all News Posts



Integration Technology at UV Days 2017
May 7, 2017

 The world of UV printing comes alive this month (May 2017) at the annual UV DAYS event staged by leading systems developer, IST METZ GmbH. The management of IST METZ invites employees, customers, exhibitors and partners to to also celebrate the 40th anniversary of the comapny. British subsidiary and brand partner, Integration Technology Ltd (ITL) joins a roster of prestigious industry partners exhibiting live printing applications of innovative technologies to over 1000 attendees from 15th to 18th May at IST METZ GmbH headquarters in Nürtingen, Germany. A new development at UV DAYS, UV Forum is a comprehensive overview of the current developments in UV and LED UV technology in industrial […]


New LEDcure Solutions at Fespa
April 11, 2017

 What a difference a year makes: 12 months from the company’s entry into South America via the important FESPA Brasil event, Integration Technology’s (ITL) local market sales and support company Integration Technology LAM evidenced deepening commitment to the region with a further strong showing in Sao Paolo. The number of attendees and exhibitors may not have changed year-on-year at FESPA Brasil – but the quality had. Reports ITL LAM business development manager, Edsel Lonza Jnr:  “FESPA did a great job of reinforcing our launch locally with a very business-like show at which we picked up a highly positive response to new solutions being exhibited and consequently very promising leads to […]


ITL to showcase world leading UV LED curing technology at FESPA Brasil
March 14, 2017

 UV solutions providor Integration Technology (ITL) returns to FESPA Brasil (Pavilion AZUL – Stand 643, Center Norte, Sao Paulo March 15th – 18th 2017) after the successful launch of local market sales and support company Integration Technology LAM at last year’s event. First launched at FESPA Brasil 2016, the company’s MidZero returns, with uprated performance for 2017 and re-badged the MZ. This compact, cost-effective, yet high-performing air-cooled solution can be seen on the ITL UV Integration stand running on a 3m wide roll-to-roll demonstration printer, specially converted from solvent based to UV inks to showcase the curing capabilities of ITL products in Brasil. With class leading size to power now […]



 


 








THE WORLD'S LARGEST UVPRODUCT PORTFOLIO
		

For almost 40 years, the company has been producing
systems for curing print and coatings using UV light. The
UV systems cure inks, varnishes, silicones, adhesives,
resins and other materials in fractions of a second. 
The IST METZ group offers its customers the world’s 
largest product portfolio of high-performance UV 
lamp and UV LED systems.
		


















 
 

Twitter Feed Tweets by @UVIT01

 

News Categories 
Awards (13)

Business (38)

Community (22)

Exhibitions (58)

Ink Jet (6)

LED (25)

SubZero (4)

Technical Centre (5)

UV (12)


 

 
Social Channels & Signup

Please enter your email below to receive regular
Newsletters from us to keep you updated 
with everything at ITL.

Come and join us and be social with us. 


















 







Integration Technology Ltd Cookies Policy
Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience.  Please visit our Privacy Statement page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close











 








Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd     







 


 Singapore                
Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Management of Companies and Enterprises
Available in: English
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Legal Address
                                Block 5004 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5,#03-12 Techplace 2                                
                                Singapore;                                Singapore;                                Map 
                                                                    Postal Code: 569872                                                            

Tel: +65-6481-
Fax: +65-6481-




Email:
@mit.com.sg                            

Website:
http://www.mit.com.sg 



 

Company Description                    




                        Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd operates as a holding company engaged in providing  integrated automation solutions to the semiconductor industry. The company designs, develops and distributes a wide range of automated equipment including wafer level die marking and sorting systems, vision inspection, laser markers and tape and reel systems catering to the front and back-end processes of IC assembly. Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd was incorporated in 1992.                     


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 

