










History | Mirae Asset





















	Investing In Asia and Emerging Market Expertise
	In 1997, Mirae Asset Global Investments was founded in the wake of the Asian currency crisis and emerged as a leading investment management & advisory services firm in Asia. Since then, we have expanded our footprint to other regions around the world across 12 global offices, culminating in over 120 investment professionals throughout Asia Pacific and the Americas. 
 
	We provide our clients with comprehensive on the ground expertise and guidance in Asian financial markets through an extensive selection of investment capabilities. With our commitment to clients, we offer best-in-class investment ideas and leverage research insights to supply high-quality financial products to our investors.
 
	Investment Capabilities
	Mirae Asset offers numerous options when it comes to investing in Asia and the emerging markets, as evidenced in our suite of flagship strategies across Asian & EM equities, global fixed income, exchanged traded funds, and alternative investments. With a diversified client base across retail and institutional investors, we can help provide the framework needed to navigate emerging Asian financial markets.
 
	Are You Invested in Asia? Find out how Mirae Asset Global Investments can serve as a resource by contacting us today!





Text size  A A











History










History

A History of Growth
Mirae Asset was founded in 1997 in the wake of the Asian currency crisis with a vision of and dedication to serving our clients, helping them build wealth for life with proven investment strategies. 
Our endeavor to expand overseas began in 2003 with the establishment of our Hong Kong office, which has become the backbone of our Asian and Emerging Market investment capabilities and product offering. These strategies were dedicated to diversifying the investment base for investors and were the starting point for our focus on the broader emerging markets. Since their inception we have consistently enhanced our coverage and presence in the emerging markets and are now one of the world’s largest emerging market investors.
We are committed to securing future levers of growth and providing value to our clients, as evidenced in our milestones.










Investing In Asia Expertise




Important information



The following information is for your own protection and benefit. It explains certain legal and regulatory restrictions which apply to any investment in the products referred to in this website. After you have read and understood the following information, please click the ‘I AGREE’ button below to acknowledge that you have read and understood the information.
By accessing, browsing, and/or using this Website or linked websites and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledged and agreed to be bound by the Terms of Use section.
This Website uses cookies to store information on your computer. By accessing this site, you consent to the placement of cookies on your machine as described in the Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to the use of cookies, please either disable cookies or refrain from accessing this site or any pages thereof.
Nothing contained on this Website constitutes tax, accounting, regulatory, legal, insurance or investment advice. Neither the information, nor any opinion, contained on this Website constitutes a solicitation or offer by Mirae Asset Global Investments Co., Ltd. ("MAGI") or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments, nor shall any such security be offered or sold to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, purchase, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Decisions based on information contained on this Website are the sole responsibility of the visitor. In exchange for using this Website, the visitor agrees to indemnify and hold MAGI, its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors and suppliers harmless against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys' fees) arising from your use of this Website, from your violation of these Terms or from any decisions that the visitor makes based on such information.
The investments and strategies discussed in the Website may not be suitable for all investors and are not obligations of MAGI or its affiliates or guaranteed by MAGI or its affiliates. MAGI makes no representations that the contents are appropriate for use in all locations, or that the transactions, securities, products, instruments, or services discussed on this site are available or appropriate for sale or use in all jurisdictions or countries, or by all investors or counterparties. By making available information on the Website, MAGI does not represent that any investment vehicle is available or suitable for any particular user. All persons and entities accessing the Website agree to do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations.  All investments involve risk and may lose value. The value of your investment can go down depending upon market conditions. BEFORE ACQUIRING THE SHARES OF ANY INVESTMENT FUND BY PURCHASE OR EXCHANGE, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO READ THE FUND'S PROSPECTUS OR OFFERING MATERIALS.
This Website is for information purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as a forecast, research or investment advice. The information on this Website does not constitute a recommendation, offer or solicitation to buy or sell any securities or to adopt any investment strategy. Although this material is based upon information that MAGI considers reliable and endeavors to keep current, MAGI does not assure that this material is accurate, current or complete, and it should not be relied upon as such. Any opinions expressed on this Website may change as subsequent conditions vary. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
You expressly acknowledge that you have checked and confirm that you; (i) are legally entitled to view this website; (ii) understand that any products mentioned on the website may no longer be available for investment or may not be available to you; and (iii) understand that the information on the website is not a promotion and that you will not treat it as such and that any information on the website is not addressed specifically to you.




I disagree
I agree








Thank you for visiting Miraeasset.com.



Unfortunately, the site is only available to those users that meet the qualifications
                    outlined on the previous page. If you believe that you should have access to the site, and have
                    accessed this page in error, please click the button below to go back to the previous page.




Go Back








Worldwide Offices
×







 Remember Selection
            







Important information



The following information is for your own protection and benefit. It explains certain legal and regulatory restrictions which apply to any investment in the products referred to in this website. After you have read the following information, please click continue to acknowledge that you have read and understood the information.
To the extent that this website contains any information about financial products offered by MAGI, such products are available to investors in such other jurisdiction other than the United States, where the product issuer in its absolute discretion, has approved such offer. No products on this Site have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons. These materials are not for use in, and may not be delivered to or inside, the United States.
You represent, warrant and covenant that: (i) you are not a U.S. Person (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended) or acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person; (ii) you are a Non-United States Person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended) and are not acting for the account or benefit of a person who is not a Non-United States Person; (iii) you will not make information on this website available to any such U.S. Person or any person who is not such a Non-United States Person; and (iv) you will forthwith cease any use of any information on this website for any purpose if any of the foregoing representations is no longer true.
You expressly acknowledge that you have checked and confirm that you; (i) are legally entitled to view this website; (ii) understand that any products mentioned on the website may no longer be available for investment or may not be available to you; and (iii) understand that the information on the website is not a promotion and that you will not treat it as such and that any information on the website is not addressed specifically to you.




Cancel
Continue








Products Overview×



MUTUAL FUNDS



EQUITY
Fixed Income




ASIA
GEM/Global


GEM/GLOBAL
Regional/Single Country


LOCAL/SINGLE COUNTRY
 



Exchange Traded Funds



Horizons ETFs
BETASHARES
TIGER ETFs




Canada
Australia
Korea


Colombia
 
 


Hong Kong
 
 


USA
 
 



Alternative Investments



Real Estate
Infrastructure
Private Equity


Hedge Funds
 
 





















Close


























About Us | Mirae Asset




















	Investing In Asia and Emerging Market Expertise
	In 1997, Mirae Asset Global Investments was founded in the wake of the Asian currency crisis and emerged as a leading investment management & advisory services firm in Asia. Since then, we have expanded our footprint to other regions around the world across 12 global offices, culminating in over 120 investment professionals throughout Asia Pacific and the Americas. 
 
	We provide our clients with comprehensive on the ground expertise and guidance in Asian financial markets through an extensive selection of investment capabilities. With our commitment to clients, we offer best-in-class investment ideas and leverage research insights to supply high-quality financial products to our investors.
 
	Investment Capabilities
	Mirae Asset offers numerous options when it comes to investing in Asia and the emerging markets, as evidenced in our suite of flagship strategies across Asian & EM equities, global fixed income, exchanged traded funds, and alternative investments. With a diversified client base across retail and institutional investors, we can help provide the framework needed to navigate emerging Asian financial markets.
 
	Are You Invested in Asia? Find out how Mirae Asset Global Investments can serve as a resource by contacting us today!





Text size  A A












About Us










About Us

Originating from Asia, Mirae Asset was founded in 1997 in the wake of the Asian currency crisis. Today, Mirae Asset encompasses the global capability to deliver our best ideas to investors around the world via on-the-ground presence in 12 countries across 5 continents. Our goal is to provide our clients with insightful financial strategies and consistent performance through our diversified product offering.






Mirae Asset at a Glance
We are a leader in emerging markets in over 12 countries around the world. 












Investing In Asia Expertise




Important information



The following information is for your own protection and benefit. It explains certain legal and regulatory restrictions which apply to any investment in the products referred to in this website. After you have read and understood the following information, please click the ‘I AGREE’ button below to acknowledge that you have read and understood the information.
By accessing, browsing, and/or using this Website or linked websites and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledged and agreed to be bound by the Terms of Use section.
This Website uses cookies to store information on your computer. By accessing this site, you consent to the placement of cookies on your machine as described in the Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to the use of cookies, please either disable cookies or refrain from accessing this site or any pages thereof.
Nothing contained on this Website constitutes tax, accounting, regulatory, legal, insurance or investment advice. Neither the information, nor any opinion, contained on this Website constitutes a solicitation or offer by Mirae Asset Global Investments Co., Ltd. ("MAGI") or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments, nor shall any such security be offered or sold to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, purchase, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Decisions based on information contained on this Website are the sole responsibility of the visitor. In exchange for using this Website, the visitor agrees to indemnify and hold MAGI, its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors and suppliers harmless against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys' fees) arising from your use of this Website, from your violation of these Terms or from any decisions that the visitor makes based on such information.
The investments and strategies discussed in the Website may not be suitable for all investors and are not obligations of MAGI or its affiliates or guaranteed by MAGI or its affiliates. MAGI makes no representations that the contents are appropriate for use in all locations, or that the transactions, securities, products, instruments, or services discussed on this site are available or appropriate for sale or use in all jurisdictions or countries, or by all investors or counterparties. By making available information on the Website, MAGI does not represent that any investment vehicle is available or suitable for any particular user. All persons and entities accessing the Website agree to do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations.  All investments involve risk and may lose value. The value of your investment can go down depending upon market conditions. BEFORE ACQUIRING THE SHARES OF ANY INVESTMENT FUND BY PURCHASE OR EXCHANGE, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO READ THE FUND'S PROSPECTUS OR OFFERING MATERIALS.
This Website is for information purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as a forecast, research or investment advice. The information on this Website does not constitute a recommendation, offer or solicitation to buy or sell any securities or to adopt any investment strategy. Although this material is based upon information that MAGI considers reliable and endeavors to keep current, MAGI does not assure that this material is accurate, current or complete, and it should not be relied upon as such. Any opinions expressed on this Website may change as subsequent conditions vary. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
You expressly acknowledge that you have checked and confirm that you; (i) are legally entitled to view this website; (ii) understand that any products mentioned on the website may no longer be available for investment or may not be available to you; and (iii) understand that the information on the website is not a promotion and that you will not treat it as such and that any information on the website is not addressed specifically to you.




I disagree
I agree








Thank you for visiting Miraeasset.com.



Unfortunately, the site is only available to those users that meet the qualifications
                    outlined on the previous page. If you believe that you should have access to the site, and have
                    accessed this page in error, please click the button below to go back to the previous page.




Go Back








Worldwide Offices
×







 Remember Selection
            







Important information



The following information is for your own protection and benefit. It explains certain legal and regulatory restrictions which apply to any investment in the products referred to in this website. After you have read the following information, please click continue to acknowledge that you have read and understood the information.
To the extent that this website contains any information about financial products offered by MAGI, such products are available to investors in such other jurisdiction other than the United States, where the product issuer in its absolute discretion, has approved such offer. No products on this Site have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons. These materials are not for use in, and may not be delivered to or inside, the United States.
You represent, warrant and covenant that: (i) you are not a U.S. Person (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended) or acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person; (ii) you are a Non-United States Person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended) and are not acting for the account or benefit of a person who is not a Non-United States Person; (iii) you will not make information on this website available to any such U.S. Person or any person who is not such a Non-United States Person; and (iv) you will forthwith cease any use of any information on this website for any purpose if any of the foregoing representations is no longer true.
You expressly acknowledge that you have checked and confirm that you; (i) are legally entitled to view this website; (ii) understand that any products mentioned on the website may no longer be available for investment or may not be available to you; and (iii) understand that the information on the website is not a promotion and that you will not treat it as such and that any information on the website is not addressed specifically to you.




Cancel
Continue








Products Overview×



MUTUAL FUNDS



EQUITY
Fixed Income




ASIA
GEM/Global


GEM/GLOBAL
Regional/Single Country


LOCAL/SINGLE COUNTRY
 



Exchange Traded Funds



Horizons ETFs
BETASHARES
TIGER ETFs




Canada
Australia
Korea


Colombia
 
 


Hong Kong
 
 


USA
 
 



Alternative Investments



Real Estate
Infrastructure
Private Equity


Hedge Funds
 
 





















Close

















Mirae International Corp - Korea Suppliers & Manufacturers












Mirae International Corp




 
Login | Join now |  Contact us | Help 





Home  |  Products  |  Suppliers  |  Buy  |  Sell  |  REACH  |  CAS  |  Resource







 ChemNet > Gold Suppliers > Mirae International Corp 
            
                

  
    












Mirae International Corp 


 Mirae Global Co., Ltd. operation in 1986 with a view to become an important trader and manufacturer of petrochmical products. After only a decade, MIRAE has laid a solid foundation as a distinguished international trading company with branches and marketing partners around the globe. In the years to come, MIRAE promises to continue to strive to be the best trading company both in service and products.



more>> 






 Product more>> 


• Bisphenol-A-polycarbonate  
• Polyoxymethylenes  
• Ube 5033  
• Terlon  
• Phenol-formaldehyde resin  
• ABS Resins  
• Polypropylene  
• α-Butene  
• 1,3-Butadiene  
• Raffinate  
• Propylene  
• Ethylene  





 Contact Info    


 




Contact:
  
                        hscho  


Tel:  
82222425044  


Fax:
82222425044


Web site:

                        http://www.mic.co.kr


Add:
814 Dongbu Sun-ville 99-6 Garakdong Songpagu, Seoul Korea, Seoul, 











Home

Products

About Us

Contact Info
 Search Product 











World Wide ChemNet: - International - China - U.S.E - urope - India - Japan - China(Taiwan) - Korea  - Trading Circle

About Us - Top Products- Partner with Us  - Contact Us - Help - Sitemap

ChemNet is a registered trademark of Zhejiang NetSun Co., Ltd. 





MIRAE Corporation, South Korea 



















Learning Center
Trade Show
Sign In
Join Free
Help













 





                                Products                            

                                Sell Offer                            

                                Buyers                            

                                Companies                            









  Post Sourcing Request                        

















 







MIRAE Corporation


  Yeoksamdong,Seoul,South Korea

  82-2-20550126





Free Member













 
                            Company Profile                    



 
                            Products
                    



 
                                Sell Offers                        



 
                                Contact Details                        



 
                            Trust Profile                        



 
                            Brochures
                        



 
                            Sign Up
                        











 






 
                        Company Profile



 
                                Product Catalog                                
                        



 
                            Sell Offers                            
                    



 
                        Contact Details                    



 
                        Trust Profile                    



 
                        Brochure Catalog
                        
                    














                    Home


Company 


Industrial Machinery


Construction Machinery


Concrete Machinery


Concrete Paver



                MIRAE Corporation            





















                
We are MIRAE Corporation based in Seoul , South Korea. We are member of Tradekey.com since August, 2009. Our business is related to Construction & Real Estate industry and we specifically deal in used asphalt finisher, concrete paver, cold milling machine. Please find our product details below:

CMI Concrete slipform paver
CMI concrete paver  Yr.1994   
4 track slipform paver up to 8.2M paving
CAT 3406B 425HP
Good working condition
For further details, contact us.
H. Kim
MIRAE Corporation
Seoul, Korea
*****

Sell used Hanta F2045C
Used Hanta mini finisher
Model : F2045C track type
Year : 2001
Working hours : 4095hrs
Clean and good working condition

Sell Betelli SF100T4 Cold milling machine
Used Bitelli Cold milling machine
Model SF100T4
Year 1994
working hours only 1075hrs
good working condition and good price
Please contact us for further details and pictures

Thank you for taking the time to go through our business profile. If there are any question, inquiry or comments, please feel free to contact us.
                  












 Contact Now                        















Product Showcase





 









                                    CMI Concrete slipform paver 
                                















 




Contact This Seller






                        To
                    

Mr. Hong  <MIRAE Corporation>





                        Subject

                    





Message



I want to know



Min Order Qty




Delivery Time




Sample & Cost




Product Catalog



 














 Contact Now








Contact Information





                Contact Person             

                Mr. Hong             



                Company            

                MIRAE Corporation            



                Address            


                Yeoksamdong, Seoul, South Korea

            



                Telephone            

                82-2-20550126            



                Fax            

                82-2-20550127            














Basic Information

 Rate this company


 Report Fraud







                        Business Type                    

                                    Exporters                         

                    



                        Main Markets                    

                                    Worldwide
                        
                    




                        Products / Services                    


                                    used asphalt finisher, concrete paver, cold milling machine
                         

                    




                        Year Established                    

                                    2009                         

                    



                        Number of Employees                    

                                    1-5
                         
                    



                        Website                    

                                     -
                            

                    








   Factory Information





                        Factory Location                    

                                     -
                                    



                        Factory Size                    

                                     -
                                    



                        No. of Production Lines                    


                                     -
                                    



                         Annual Purchase Volume 
                    

                                     -
                                    



                        No. of R&D Staff                    

                                     -
                                    



                        Quality Control                    

                                     -
                                    



                        No. of QC Staff                    


                                    -
                                    



                        Certificates                    


                                    -
                
                    



                        Contract Manufacturing                    

                                     -
                                    








Other Information





                        Registered Capital                    

                                     -
                                    



                        Ownership Type                    

                                     -
                                    



                        Legal Representative / CEO                                     -
                                    
                


                        Total Annual Sales Volume                    

                                     -
                                    
                


                        Export Percentage                    

                                     -
                                    















                Connect with over 8.7 million businesses globally
            


Join Now










Home


Sell Offer


Buy Offers


Products


Companies


Trade Alert


Premium Services


Hot Products


Trade Show

Canton Fair

Country Search


Women in Trade


About Us


Contact Us


Advertising with us 


 Languages:


English  
                        


 中文 
                         


 العربية 
                         


 Español 
                         


 日本語 
                         


 Français 
                         


 Pусский 
                         












                        All quotes / Products / Company Profiles / Images and other contents are posted by the user, Tradekey shall not be held liable for any such content. However, Tradekey respects the intellectual property, copyright, trademark, trade secret or any other personal or proprietary third party ownership, we expect others to be able to do this. If you have questions, please contact us .

                        

                    












Privacy Policy
                            -
                            Terms

Copyright © 2016  TradeKey.com




 Created in 0.11267 seconds   










×
Share!







Close








































×

Join TradeKey to Buy & Sell Globally










Buyer

Supplier




Select Country
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (DRC)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao SAR
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Martin
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Pierre and Miquelon
St. Vincent
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
UAE
Uganda
UK
Ukraine
Uruguay
US Virgin Islands
USA
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe





states




cities

















													Show Password
												







Fill in the product, you want to buy / sell, comma separated 











Select Industry
AgricultureApparel & ClothingAutomobilesBeauty & Personal CareBusiness ServicesChemicalsComputer Hardware & SoftwareConstruction & Real EstateConsumer ElectronicsElectrical & Electronics SuppliesEnergy ProductsEnvironmentExcess InventoryFashion AccessoriesFood & BeverageFurnitureGifts & CraftsHardware & Mechanical PartsHealth & MedicinesHome & GardenHome AppliancesIndustrial MachineryJewelry & WatchesLights & LightingLuggage & BagsMeasurement InstrumentsMinerals & MetallurgyOffice & School SuppliesPackaging & PrintingRubber & PlasticsSecurity & ProtectionShoes & FootwearSports & EntertainmentTelecommunicationsTextile & Leather ProductsToolsToysTransportation 





skype.com
gmail.com
hotmail.com
live.com
msn.com
yahoo.com
QQ
WeChat
ymail.com
aol.com






       



					                    	* By joining, I agree to TradeKey.com
					                    	Terms of Use,

					                    	Privacy Policy,
					                    	IPR
					                    	and receive emails related to our services.
					                    
Continue
Not Now
Join Now!























Login
					  		
×


Are you new to TradeKey? 
								Register Here












Forgot your password?
							Click here
							







Login



































MIRAE






























 




Product
Products Information



SMT

MAI Series
QUBE Series
MR Series
Mx Series
Feeder
Software
Accessories


ATE

Memory Test Handler
Burn–In Sorters
Module Test Handler 


LMT

U–Coreless Type
T–Core Type
Platen–Core Type
Data
Movie Data
Certification








HOME  > 
Product > 
SMT > 
QUBE Series




SMT(Mounter)
We will be a company that secures and leads with the best technologies.





MAI Series
QUBE Series
MR Series
Mx Series
Feeder
Software
Accessories






QUBE




 
QUBE H3





QUBE T2







QUBE H3
 Hybrid Placement & Insertion System








Machine definition
- A hybrid machine which uses SMT Mounter tech-  nology to the through hole type components
- Assured quality by SMT level accuracy and dual  inspection sources (Vision & Laser)
 
Advantages
- Component inspection with Vision Camera
- Lead inspection with Laser Align Unit
- Component height inspection with Z Height  Measurement Device (ZHMD) after placement


















QUBE T2
Hybrid Inspection System








Machine Definition
- PCB level inspection on Fork pin, Terminal or  Connector pin inspection system to increase  product quality
 
Advantages
- Assured result from dual inspection of Laser  and Vision measurement device
- Assured result from inspection of Laser and Vision  measurement device in sequence
- PCB or Cased product inspection enable for  minimizing defects

































































MIRAE  AUTOMATION  CORP.,  MIRAE  AUTOMATION  CORP. Suppliers and Manufacturers at tradeKorea.com









Sign in
Join Free


About tradeKorea


Support




FAQ


Contact us


Newsletter Subscribe



How to Use


Product Listing Policy






Service




News & Notice


Success Stories


KITA Member's Lounge


Online Exhibition


GBMS


Partnership


KITA ePay Information



Keyword Trends


Korea Trade Statistics






My tradeKorea




Seller


My Inquiries


My Products


My Sales


My C/L


My Report


Minisite


Buyer


My Inquiries


My Buying Leads


My Order


My Account






Family Site




   KITA.org


   Kmall24





Cart


국문
中文









tradeKorea.com


















Companies


All
Products
Buying Leads
Companies
ePay Products









test1


off





Advanced Search


Advanced Search
close





Filter by Company 

 Gold Member
													(
													 Gold Trader /
													 Gold Plus Trader
													)
												


 Fast Response






Detail info. 

 KITA Members
 trK Online Exhibitor




 KITA ePay affiliate
 KITA Business Matching History







Filter by Products 

 KITA ePay
 Online Exhibition
 K Plus







Filter by Certification


==Classification==
Certification
Standard
Patent
Award
Others
















close
reset


OR  
										AND






CCTV Products
Amplifier
Chocolate Ingredients
Lock Parts


trend

Global Business Matching Service
go





categories


Result Type

ALL (3)


PRODUCTS (2)


COMPANIES (1)


BUYING LEADS (0)








All Categories



+
Electrical Equipment & Supplies (1)


+
Energy (1)


+
Generators (1)
















Countries



South Korea (1)






Product
Service

Agriculture
Apparel
Automobiles & Motorcycles
Beauty & Personal Care
Business Services
Chemicals
Computer Hardware & Software
Construction & Real Estate
Consumer Electronics
Electrical Equipment & Supplies
Electronic Components & Supplies
Energy
Environment
Excess Inventory
Fashion Accessories


Food & Beverage
											Furniture & Furnishings
General Industrial Equipment
General Mechanical Components
Gifts & Crafts
Hardware
Health & Medical
Home & Garden
Home Appliances
Lights & Lighting
Luggage, Bags & Cases
Manufacturing & Processing Machinery
Measurement & Analysis Instruments
Minerals & Metallurgy
Office & School Supplies


Packaging & Paper
Printing & Publishing
Rubber & Plastics
Security & Protection
Service Equipment
Shoes & Accessories
Sports & Entertainment
Telecommunications
Textiles & Leather Products
Timepieces, Jewelry, Eyewear
Tools
Toys
Transportation


Animation
Broadcasting
Character
Education & Training
Financial Services
Logistics Services
Software Development
Travel Services





AbouttradeKorea


OnlineExhibition


KITA ePayProducts



close






Home > Companies
 > MIRAE  AUTOMATION  CORP.









Search within results : 


2 Product(s) from 1 Supplier(s)









Companies








[ MIRAE AUTOMATION CORP. ]

Location


																	South Korea (Asia)
																


Verified by




Category

																
																	Energy|Electrical Equipment & Supplies, 
																
																	Generators
																
																




Related Products





Turbine Valve Hydraulic Actuator Tester





Turbine Valve Actuator Tester








Trader










































My Recent History
( 0 )





							You Haven't Seen Product Recently
						



up
down



top










For Buyer
Post a Buying Leads
KITA Member’s Lounge
How to Buy


For Seller
Buying Leads
Online Exhibition
How to Sell


Global Business Matching Service
Submit an Application


Help
FAQ
How to Use
Contact Us
Service Suggestion


How to Use
Join
Sell
Buy
Membership


Service
Global Partners
KITA ePay Information
Keyword Trends


Support
Newsletter

Product Listing Policy





Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - About tradeKorea - Site Map - Korean Manufacturers | Korean online shopping
Copyright ⓒ  2008 - 2017 KITA (Korea International Trade Association). All rights reserved.
tradeKorea.com is a Global Business to Business (B2B) Online Marketplace that helps facilitate online trade between exporters and importers from all around the world.
511 Yeongdong-daero, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, KOREA. | Biz Registration No : 120-82-00182
kita





















MIRAE










































Financial Information



Exhibition News



Company Overview









SMT
ATE
LMT









MAI-H4


QUBE H3


MR40
















M500HT


MH7


M850i






M500HT


MH7


M850i





M500HT


MH7


M850i









ML-ULS Series


ML-ULM Series


ML-ULL Series





ML-ULS Series


ML-ULM Series


ML-ULL Series





ML-ULS Series


ML-ULM Series


ML-ULL Series








Staff by department



Certification



Global Network












