


nakamurachoukou　　diamonds
























Chinese
Japanese
Contact Us
Business Overview
About Us
Home













 









Electronic Material Slice Periphery BusinessIn this business we perform slice processing of electronic materials for solar   batteries, LEDs, power devices, etc., and also manufacture diamond saw wires,   the tools used for processing that we develop independently. 
Click here for details.
High-precision Equipment Business 
In this business, we use a precision processing technology for hard and brittle materials to manufacture and process special precision parts with wear-resistant materials, such as PCD (sintered diamond), cemented carbide, and ceramics.Wear-resistant Parts
Mounter Nozzles 
 Micro Reactor Items 
 Automatic Nozzle Cleaner


Chemical Fiber Spinning Nozzle Business Nakamura Choukou Group and Nippon Nozzle Co., Ltd. manufacture various types of nozzles for synthetic fibers and the chemical industry, as well as precision accessories, nonwoven fiber devices, and precision devices. (Affiliate Company)Click here for details.




2017.7.19
IR Reports 
					  This report introduces Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd and the financial results for the term ended Mar. 2017 earnings results and so
on.
Announced: June 19, 2017 
HTML version     PDF version   














Home ｜ About nakamurachoukou ｜ Business Overview ｜ Contact Us ｜ 日本語 ｜ 中文
  ｜ Privacy Policy  Copyright (c) Nakamura Choukou Co.,Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
		      27-27 Tsurutacho, Nishi-ku, Sakai City, Osaka 593-8323  (+81)72-274-0007 








NAKAMURA CHOUKOU CO., LTD. Excellent Company of OSAKA






































Excellent Company of OSAKAMachining & ProcessingNAKAMURA CHOUKOU CO., LTD.
























NAKAMURA CHOUKOU CO., LTD.

Product line

Diamond saw wiresDiamond nozzles (for mounting machines)Micro reactor systems





Japanese





Contact




Description of business
Since its foundation, Nakamura Choukou has been engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of special precision components used in machine tools and industrial machinery. These activities are based on its precision processing technology for high-performance materials, such as diamonds, which are the ultimate in super-hard materials, as well as cemented carbide and ceramics, which have superior abrasion resistance, a property that Nakamura Choukou continues to pursue. In particular, the company boasts a high market share in diamond nozzles, which are used to mount electronic components onto printed-circuit boards in such devices as mobile phones and computers.





Exterior view of Izumi Factory



Diamond nozzles for mounting machines



Diamond saw wires




Corporate Profile

Corporate name
NAKAMURA CHOUKOU CO., LTD.
Person in charge

Corporate Management Department Manager
                  Hideki Hosoi
                
Address
27-27 Tsurutacho Nishi-ku, Sakai City, Osaka, 593-8323, Japan
President
Makoto Inoue
Founded / Established
1954 / 1970
Phone
+81-72-274-0007
Fax
+81-72-273-1250
Company URL
Japanese (http://www.nakamura-gp.co.jp/)English (http://www.nakamura-gp.co.jp/en/index.html)Chinese (http://www.nakamura-gp.co.jp/cn/index.html)
Capital
130,180,000 yen
Major account
Manufacturers of slicing equipment for electronic materials / manufacturers of mounting machines / universities and other research institutions
Overseas facility

Asia



Contact with the company














Company Profile for Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd



























































X



Edition:

India


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd (6166.T)





Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    










				6166.T on Tokyo Stock Exchange


				2,402JPY
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥-46


					            (-1.88%)
					        






Prev Close

¥2,448


Open

¥2,448




Day's High

¥2,482


Day's Low

¥2,381




Volume

85,200


Avg. Vol

307,992




52-wk High

¥3,160


52-wk Low

¥1,011












					Full Description



		NAKAMURA CHOUKOU CO.,LTD. is a Japan-based company mainly engaged in development, manufacture and sales of electronic material slice periphery related products, high precision equipment related products, chemical fiber spinning nozzle related products. The Company has three business segments. The Electronic Material Slice Periphery segment is mainly engaged in development, manufacture and sales of diamond wires used in slice processing of silicon wafer for solar panels. The High Precision Equipment segment manufactures nozzles and mounting head peripheral components for electronic component mounting machine, as well as key components of industrial machine tools. The Chemical Fiber Spinning Nozzle segment is mainly engaged in development, manufacture and sales of spinning nozzles and peripheral components for chemical fibers, nozzles for non woven fabrics.
» Full Overview of 6166.T







					Company Address



Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd
MAC Center, 27-27, Tsuruta-cho, SAKAI-SHI   OSK   593-8323
P: +8172.2740007F: +8172.2731250







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Makoto Inoue

--




							 Yasuo Miyake

--




							 Asami Inoue

--




							 Satoshi Kawagishi

--




							 Hirobumi Masuda

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd News




» More 6166.T  News
















Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment























NAKAMURA CHOUKOU CO., LTD. | CONTEC













































Login




Already have an account?
Login


Don’t have an account?
Creat Account







Search



Site Search
















Menu










Home



Case Studies



Manufacturing



NAKAMURA CHOUKOU CO., LTD.






NAKAMURA CHOUKOU CO., LTD.



Active in a New Factory That Slices Millions of Silicone Ingots Each Month
Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd. manufactures and sells "DINA-PRISM", a diamond saw wire cutting tool that is essential to the slicing process of electronic materials used for solar panels and LEDs. This company develops unique diamond wire technology. This technology is used to commercialize the slice processing of silicon ingots. A manufacturing execution system (MES) is used to manage this manufacturing process to improve their work efficiency and quality, and lower costs.



Keyword

ERP MES






Industry

manufacturing






Purpose

cost savings
quality improvement
work efficiency improvement








Major Contribution to Growing Fields such as Solar Panels and LEDs


Nakamura Choukou manufactures precision equipment parts and jigs with high hardness materials such as ultra hard alloys and polycrystalline diamond (PCD). Recently, the company manufactures and sells "DINA-PRISM", a diamond saw wire cutting tool that is essential to the slicing process of electronic materials used for solar panels and LEDs.
Diamond saw wire uses a unique fixing method for its diamond grains to provide a product with high performance at a low cost.
Nakamura Choukou received the 4th Japan Grand Prize Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) Minister’s award in 2012 for its technology.




Izumi Factory (D-Next) performing slice processing



Diamond saw wire, winner of the Japan Grand Prize METI Minister’s award



Mass-production System for Slicing Process Using MES at its Core Constructed in 8 Months


Nakamura Choukou was subcontracted by a major electronic manufacturer to slice silicone ingots, but advanced data management, such as production traceability and operation rate, was required, and this could not be handled with the existing basic system. This was managed using their own tools and bills, but it required a lot of effort, and the manual work led to a lot of errors and a host of other problems.
As a result and to meet the increased production of a million units per month, Contec's management execution system (MES) was introduced with the purpose of boosting business efficiency. Although the normal period from system request to delivery requires one or two years, a short turnaround of only eight months was realized to meet the operations of the new factory.





Manufacturing process of slicing process









System Configuration
Nakamura Choukou constructed a system that handles increased production by predicting the processing quantity to 20 to 30 times the quantity actually produced.
Contec listened carefully to Nakamura Choukou's needs and demands, and developed a solution based on its history of implementing systems to the slice processing work. This MES is called the "D-CORE system".
System Configuration
Implementation Effects
Quality and cost goals were achieved by standardizing the production process and integrating product management and quality data with the MES.

Reduced work load and improved quality as a result of integrated product management and quality data for production and receiving and shipping for the entire factory
Reduced indirect work time in the manufacturing process, increased production efficiency, and reduced costs
Process management using a handset terminal and barcodes and the ability to get progress updates in real-time

Adoption Points

Construction of a team project system to reduce the system development time
System design that uses the slice processing implementation history and anticipates future production increases
Use of own developed software to flexibly respond to requirements that are difficult to achieve with package software customization


Customer Profile



Comment from Yutaka Watanabe, Section Chief, Management Division
We needed to quickly create a system to manage mass production, with which we had no experience, and building one from scratch would involve huge risks. But instead of going with a package software, we had Contec develop a solution and make a proposal based on our products and operations starting from the estimate stage. At the time, we created an outline design that we were unsure of and didn't allow us to envision the final shape of the manufacturing management. However, we worked together with Contec to construct a system while taking our concerns into consideration. They supported us during the system construction, and even now where operations are at more than 10 times the production volume, we have no problems with operation and have been able to add new functions. We look forward to continue working with them in the future as the ultimate partner for system construction.









Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd.


Solutions

Manufacturing execution system (MES)

Recently in the manufacturing industry, not only is production lead-time being shortened to meet the trend of short product lifecycles and small lot production, but competitiveness is increasing through higher quality and lower prices, and there is a need to increase the overall corporate strength. Therefore, a comprehensive optimization is required not only at the production site but also at the management level and in each department. Contec supports MES construction to optimize the manufacturing industry.

*Manufacturing Execution System. Conveying the information required to optimize production activities, from taking orders to completing the product in the manufacturing industry.






Contact Us
Solution Inquiries

Return to Implementation Case Studies



Share













Please log in. (Non-members can send an inquiry too)

Login
Create Account



Send an inquiry without logging in.










To PageTop




















Diamond Saw Wire｜nakamura choukou






















Chinese
Japanese
Contact Us
Business Overview
About Us
Home





 




We are independently developing, manufacturing, and distributing "DINA-PRISM," a diamond saw wire cutting tool that is essential to the slicing process of electronic materials used for solar batteries, LEDs, etc. 
				      
			        By using a unique fixed method for our diamond grains, we can achieve high-speed results, remarkable strength, and reduce costs, while maintaining a high reputation.				    

Features of our independently-developed "DINA-PRISM" Diamond Saw Wire
What is Diamond wire?
Manufacturing Process of Silicon Wafer
Nakamura Choukou's diamond wire is used in the slicing process in manufacturing silicon wafers, which are used for the
main part of a solar battery panel, that is, a solar cell.
A “diamond wire” is a tool used to thinly slice rectangular silicon ingots that are pre-cut to the dimensions of each wafer.
It is a threadlike slicing tool made with a thin piano wire with diamond granules firmly attached and is thinner than a
human hair.




Characteristics and strengths
Solutions for our clients
 

Our high-speed, high-strength diamond fixation technology enables   us to produce our "DINA-PRISM" diamond saw wire with high-efficiency at a low   cost.
This also allows us to provide speedy, detailed customization to   meet the demands of various customers at the slice processing site.
Transition from free abrasive grain method  to fixed abrasive grain method					
				
For the slice processing method used for electronic materials, we expedite transition from a conventional free abrasive grain method to a fixed abrasive grain method. The fixed abrasive grain method enables higher production capacity and eases environmental strain for a revolutionary improvement in slice processing of electronic materials.					


Additionally, Nakamura Choukou is making efforts to further thin the diamond wire since increasing the number of
silicon wafers produced from an ingot is an important advantage for wafer manufacturers in terms of production
efficiency and cost reduction.

The 4th Japan Grand Prize METI Minister’s award
  Nakamura Choukou received the 4th Japan Grand Prize awarded by Mr. Edano,   Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry as one of the most excellent   manufacturers.


  (Date) Wednesday, February 15, 2012 
(Venue) National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies, Roppongi, Minato Ward, Tokyo
Diamond Saw Wire Development Points
By adopting a fixed grain method for slice processing of our diamond saw wires,   cost reduction becomes a requirement. And, in order for new processing methods   to become firmly established, acquiring processing requirements, and diamond saw   customization that meets processing objectives become important elements.



Electronic Material Slice Periphery Business

Diamond Saw Wire

Slice Processing  （Subsidiary company）


High-precision Equipment Business 

Wear-resistant Parts
Mounter Nozzles 
Micro Reactor Items 
Automatic Nozzle Cleaner

Chemical Fiber Spinning Nozzle Business 

Nippon nozzle
			      （Subsidiary company）
About New Business

Nano-sized zeolite
Entrusted synthesis and reseach for drug discovery 
Others
Download
 



Home ｜ About nakamurachoukou ｜ Business Overview ｜ Contact Us ｜ 日本語 ｜ 中文
  ｜ Privacy Policy  Copyright (c) Nakamura Choukou Co.,Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
		      27-27 Tsurutacho, Nishi-ku, Sakai City, Osaka 593-8323  (+81)72-274-0007  


 




























Shanghai Nakamura Choukou Trading Co.,Ltd., Shanghai Municipality, China | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 













磐聚网

菜单 





磐聚网


解决方案

采购商
供应商
物流公司
政府机关
数据分析



产品

台
企业版
定制服务



数据

美国贸易数据
墨西哥贸易数据
巴西贸易数据
中 & 南美洲数据
中国贸易数据
趋势分析工具
磐聚网调研


价格详情
搜索

中文


English 

Español 







 在线演示 申请在线演示 

+86-21-6196-2555


登录 











Shanghai Nakamura Choukou Trading Co.,Ltd.
磐聚网制作的企业页面 
 企业页面  供应商公司  中国







 查看 Shanghai Nakamura Choukou Trading Co.,Ltd.公司的产品和客户 
成千上万家像您这样的公司使用磐聚网搜索供应商和竞争对手。


Request a Demo

        1 min video
      






轻松使用贸易数据



 查看中国贸易数据 Shanghai Nakamura Choukou Trading Co.,Ltd.

完全覆盖36 HTS编码。中国贸易数据是另一个与美国进口数据分开的数据源。它包括HTS产品代码及他们的美元价值。 什么是HTS编码？ 




货运信息
总价值
HTS
货物描述


77

See detailed information about all 36 HTS codes for Shanghai Nakamura Choukou Trading Co.,Ltd. with Panjiva's Chinese Trade Data add-on.Request a DemoorSign Up
 

31


20
$59,558
8483.50
Flywheels and pulleys, including pulley blocks


中国贸易数据包括产品代码，价值, 及货运方式了解更多







联系信息Shanghai Nakamura Choukou Trading Co.,Ltd.



 
 地址Shanghai Municipality, China 
 



注册并访问 


 




           


    







成千上万的公司使用磐聚网研究供应商和竞争对手

申请在线演示











解决方案
采购商
供应商
物流公司
政府机关
数据分析




产品
台
企业版
定制服务




数据
美国
墨西哥
巴西
中、南美州
中国
磐聚网调研
合作伙伴




公司名
领导团队
董事会
博客
媒体评论
联系方式
职位



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA上海市徐汇区肇嘉浜路1065号1609D单元                ‌
Request a demo











English 

Español 

中文







使用条款
隐私条款
网站地图





2017年©Panjiva公司







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing

 






 








Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd




























Register
Please register so we can remember your preferences, like your favourite suppliers and preferred news & events.


Name



E-mail address



Password



Retype password



Sign in






Supplier Login


User Name



Password



 Remember me
Sign in



New user? Register as a supplier

Forgot password?




Send Password







My Account

My Profile
Logout





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































                27-27 Tsurutacho, Nishi-ku • 593-8323 • Sakai City, Osaka • Japan • www.nakamura-gp.co.jp

Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd






Home  ›  Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd    
About this company



                    
	Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd. has continued our efforts to acquire various complicated process technologies with a goal of proposing to an excellent feature industrial application that required the special materials. In particular, we take pride that development of diamond adsorption nozzles which are used for actual picking and placing of electronic parts have greatly contributed to miniaturization
                    

Read more





Contact
General contact information

                    27-27 Tsurutacho, Nishi-ku • 593-8323 • Sakai City, Osaka • Japan • www.nakamura-gp.co.jp









Get updates from this supplier in your mailbox first
 (Policy
      UBM (UK) Ltd may from time to time send updates about this product and other relevant UBM products and services. Your email will not be given to 3rd parties. By providing your email address you consent to being contacted by email for direct marketing purposes by UBM (UK) Ltd.
  )
                
            






Subscribe



Thank you! We'll keep you up-to-date!






More about Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd








Website
www.nakamura-gp.co.jp






Are you a supplier? Here's what we can do for you

Generate quality leads for your business
Stay visible for 365 days of the year
Receive product inquiries and respond to meeting requests directly
Improve company online presence through Search Engine Optimisation

Register now









Supplier Alert! Email me when Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd launches new products:


 (Policy
      UBM (UK) Ltd may from time to time send updates about this product and other relevant UBM products and services. Your email will not be given to 3rd parties. By providing your email address you consent to being contacted by email for direct marketing purposes by UBM (UK) Ltd.
  )
			

























Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















nakamura choukou co ltd
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Manufactured Goods
Sub-Industry: Fabricated Metal & Hardware
Nakamura Choukou Co. Ltd. designs, produces and sells special high-precision parts, diamond saw wires, and cutting tools. Nakamura Choukou also provides slice processing services of electronic materials.




Corporate Information
Address:

27-27 Tsurutacho
Nishi-Ku
Sakai, 593-8323
Japan


Phone:
81-72-274-0007


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.nakamura-gp.co.jp





Board Members




President
Company


Makoto Inoue
Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd








Managing Director
Company


Satoshi Kawagishi
Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd








Director
Company


Hirobumi Masuda
Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd


Hiroyuki Taue
Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd


Masato Yoshitake
Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd


Akira Kawaguchi
Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd




Show More






Board Members
Company


Tadayuki Kyotani
Pmt Corp




























From The Web












Press Releases




Bridge Report on Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd. Issued: the results for the fiscal year March 2017 earnings results

Jul 30, 2017



ブリッジレポート　中村超硬　業績は悪化　今後の原価低減策の成果に注目

Jun 28, 2017






Key Executives


Makoto Inoue


President




Satoshi Kawagishi


Managing Director




Hirobumi Masuda


Director




Hiroyuki Taue


Director




Masato Yoshitake


Director




Akira Kawaguchi


Director







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd. | jibtv



























Index  >> 
 Company Info 

Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd.
















A top manufacturer for tool development applying their diamond applied technology. Their diamond saw wire is a cutting tool with diamond grains firmly fixed to a fine wire and used to slice silicon ingot as a material for solar batteries and sapphire for LED substrates into wafer form. Compared to conventional tools, it is twice as fast for processing and has a longer wire life span. In addition, it can save the material cost and minimize the burden on the environment. The diamond nozzle is used for mounters to implement electronic parts onto a printed circuit board. This nozzle can accurately pick and place electronic parts on super small chips the size of 0.4mm x 0.2mm, contributed to the improvement of the efficiency of retention capacity and successful mounting percentage. They also developed the micro reactor system, a system. The system contributes to increasing the speed of trial manufacturing and the development of a new chemical compound. It is gathering the attention from pharmaceutical and food industries.





Previous   | 
Back to Index   | 
Next





Topics

Contributing to the development of the high-growth field with special high-precision parts manufacturing applying diamond applied technology.
Nakamua Choukou Co.,Ltd., founded in 1954, is specialized in ultra precise processing for special materials since they started the offering in 1965. They are expanding their business expertise to the slicing process of electronic materials and processing of special precision parts. 

 Their current main business is tool development applying their diamond applied technology, as typified by diamond saw wire DINA-PRISM and adsorption nozzles for mounting. The diamond saw wire DINA-PRISM is a cutting tool with diamond grains firmly fixed to a fine wire and used to slice silicon ingot as a material for solar batteries and sapphire for LED substrates into wafer form. They offer advantages by not only having the world’s fastest manufacturing speed, but also the lowest in cost. 

This diamond saw wire-manufacturing system has been recognized in contributing to a growing field, including solar panel and LED, received prize in the 4th Monozukuri Nippon Grand Award’s Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Prize In 2012. Before that, others took notice of their development of tools in diamond applied technology and Nakamura Choukou was chosen as one of the  E00 Japan's Exciting Monozukuri (Manufacturing) SMEs" in 2006.

Diamond saw wire made both innovative speed and price reduction in slice processing possible
In the slice processing scene, the slicing methodology is changing from traditional loose abrasive method to a fixed abrasive method. Comparing to loose abrasive tool, fixed abrasive diamond saw wire DINA-PRISM by Nakamura Choukou is as twice as fast for processing and can largely reduce the reserving space for the cutting of materials for electronic components. Depending on the material, but loss of the reserve for cutting decreased as much as half for the loose abrasive method. Not only it can save the material cost, but can also minimize the burden on the environment because it doesn’t need to use slurry, which is used for loose abrasive. Furthermore, wire itself holds a longer life span; the quantity of consumption will be reduced; all resulting in a lower total cost.  

Their diamond saw wire could be customized in various ways by their taking advantage of their unique brazing techniques. They take finely tuned responses and customize such as diamond grain-diameter, wire diameter and abrasive density to meet various needs in the world of slice processing.

The main force is an ultra fine high precision adsorption nozzle to implement very small electronic parts accurately.
In Nakamura Choukou’s high-precision equipment business, manufacturing fine and highly precise adsorption nozzles, that is used for mounters to implement electronic parts onto a printed circuit board that picks and places electronic chip parts, has been the main driving force behind their success. The diamond nozzle using a sintered diamond (PCD) has greatly contributed to the improvement of the efficiency of retention capacity and successful mounting percentage. Because this nozzle can accurately pick and place electronic parts on super small chips the size of 0.4mm x 0.2mm, it has become a standard-issue item in many industry equipment.


Other than sintered diamond nozzles, the company also manufactures a wide variety of high precision nozzles which, depending on the purpose, contain materials such as super hard alloy, ceramic, resin and rubber. Not only they support the minimization of chips, to meet the end user's needs, they also developed nozzle cleaners for electronic part adsorbing nozzles that wash the nozzle automatically with only water and air.

The micro reactor system that contributes to increasing the speed of trial manufacturing, and the development of a new chemical compound
Micro mixer utilizing their ultra fine high precision processing technology and micro reactor system using same core technology and systemized it, deserve to be recognized. 

Mixing medicinal solutions in a laboratory is usually performed in a batch system, and usually problems occur, such as imperfect mixing, poor mixing efficiency, and the lengthy set up time it takes to change reaction conditions one by one in order to get the optimum result. In regards to safety, in the worst case, it might even lead to an explosion accident. However, using Automated Flow Reactor X-1, it mixes in flow tracts in a sequential flow method, this system can contribute to an improved mixing efficiency and faster trial manufacturing and development speed. Up to 20 flow-reaction conditions can be programmed at once. This micro reactor system makes it possible to obtain the optimum reaction condition in a reasonably short time and in a continuous run, with obtained optimum condition, tens to hundreds grams of sample can be composed with good time efficiency. Hastelloy is used as a material for the micro mixer in this micro reactor system because it remains unaltered in acid and alkali. The system comes with various enhanced functions such as full automatic cleaner of flow tract for accurate synthesis and photoreaction support as an option.

Entering new industries in chemistry and pharmaceuticals, promoting further overseas development
Nakamura Choukou has made their name specializing in industrial and machine tools, but with developments in their micro reactors, they are considering to proactively promote their products to pharmaceutical companies, and other firms in chemical industries, going forward. 

Their micro reactor systems are already viable commercial products. These are laboratory-level devices, and as such, will be marketed only to labs in major companies that develop products in-house, research centers at universities, and similarly large institutions, but are aiming for other manufacturing plants as well. Aspiring for improvements in production volume through numbering up, they will partner with plant manufacturers and plan on complete implementation within two years.

Nakamura Choukou is setting up a local subsidiary in Shanghai, but looking ahead, will promote its products not only in China, but also in Korea, Southeast Asia, and other countries throughout the world. As more and various products and parts increase in functionality while becoming lighter and smaller, greatly increased manufacturing precision is sought. Nakamura Choukou aims to further speed up their manufacturing technology to continue to provide services for the world's many and ever-faster demands.


Key Words

High-tech

Links

Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd.


Related Information




TDC CorporationOne-of-a-kind nano-technologies for mirror polishing, ultra precise processing and lapping...



Nitride Semiconductors Co., Ltd.World First successful development and mass production of high-efficiency UV LEDs...



HARDLOCK INDUSTRY Co., Ltd. The top manufacturer for definitive locknut. Used in bullet train carriages and railroad rail... 



Bellnix Co., Ltd.An international power source manufacturer enjoys an outstanding reputation for reliability... 



World Chemical Co., Ltd.Manufacturing chemical pump and self-priming filter pump.
As seen in a wide-range of business records...





Kahoku Lighting Solutions CorporationDevelopment, production and sales of specialized halogen lamps and
electric discharge lamps...



Kanto Electronics CorporationKanto Electronics Corporation has strength to design and
fabrication of fully custom-made...



GOGOH Co., Ltd.Take out the toughest stains with water. The pure inorganic coating “zero clear Ehas high potential...



YUTAKA Co., Ltd.Yutaka has strength to manufacturing a variety of
precision-machined parts...



Page Top













