



















SFA ENGINEERING CORP - LCD, PDP and Semiconductor manufacturing equipments (Edge Grinder













































Alibaba.com





                            Sourcing Solutions
                            




                            Services & Membership
                            




                            Help & Community
                            






















































SFA ENGINEERING CORP




South Korea






Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $Learn More















Add to My Favorites




































SFA ENGINEERING CORP








	    		Unverified members are users who have unverified or insufficient company information associated with their Alibaba.com account. 
	    	









How do I set this?









Home


Product Categories


Company Profile

Company Overview
Industrial Certification
Company Capability
Business Performance



Contacts








How do I set this?
















                            Company Introduction
            			






Mr. WILLIAM LEE



Loading...





		Contact Supplier
	











                            Business Type:
                        


                            Location:
                        


                            Year Established:
                        


                            Total Annual Revenue:
                        


                            Main Products:
                        


                            Main Markets:
                        




                                                            Manufacturer                                                    

                                                            Gyeonggi-do, South Korea                                                    

                                                            1998                                                    

                                                            Below US$1 Million                                                    

                                                            LCD, PDP and Semiconductor manufacturing equipments (Edge Grinder                                                    

                                                            Eastern Asia                                                    




Learn more about us









How do I set this?









                            Main Products
            			










Sell For TFT-LCD Manufacturing Equi...










How do I set this?







Email to this supplier







How do I set this?











SFA ENGINEERING CORP




South Korea






Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $Learn More








How do I set this?















How do I set this?









                            Product Categories
            			




Ungrouped

See All Categories








How do I set this?
























How do I set this?






  





 






 





















Automated Manufacturing Process(id:721659) Product details - View Automated Manufacturing Process from SFA Engineering Corp. - EC21


















































 SFA Engineering Corp.




Home
Products
Automated Transfer System
Automated Manufacturing Process








Automated Manufacturing Process




















See Larger Picture : Automated Manufacturing Process





Company Name:SFA Engineering Corp.
Membership:Free Member
Registration Date:2001. 11.28
Country/Region:Korea 
City:Gyeongsangnam-do
Contact:I.S. Kwak  
														
Related Keywords:Automated Manufacturing Process



















Share to  :
























Contact Now* Send an Inquiry to this supplier.
or

Start Order
* Name your price













Browse by Category

All Products
FPD & CEMICON Equipment
CRT Manufacturing System
Factory Automation System
Automated Transfer System









You may also be intersted in

automatic conveying systemclean conveying system



Contact us
				
SFA Engineering Corp.[Korea] 

Address
#42-7 Palryong-dong Changwon-si Gyeongsangnam-do


Phone
82-31-3797400


Contact name
I.S. Kwak












Report Item
Product Details
Transaction History
											



Description

Automated Manufacturing Process
Combined with various conveying equipment and unit equipment between processes, it efficiently connects the production flow and automates the transfer between processes resulting in labor savings and production enhancement.

Automation System for tire manufacturing 
Cone Packing & Material Handling System 
Automation System for packing, sorting and container washing 
Auto Doffer Automation System





Product Image










0 transactions







Buyer
Transaction Information
Feed Back



									No Data.
								

















Other products from this supplier






Clean Conveying System







Packing & Loading Automation ...







Automatic Conveying System








Related products from premium suppliers on EC21






4-ea,Cas 800400-50-4








Wholesales Jintropin ...








Hydraulic Hose Fittings and ...








Mounting Press








Aluminum Rod/Bar 6061-T6









Send an Inquiry to this supplier



Send an Inquiry to this supplier



* From



  To
I.S. Kwak
SFA Engineering Corp.


* Buying Product

- Please enter your specific buying item.
						e.g. 42 inch LCD TV, leather executive chair
Category : Other Manufacturing & Processing Machinery



* Message




Use English only Max. 2000 characters. (Min. 20)
Send






















Categories
FPD & CEMICON Equipment
CRT Manufacturing System
Factory Automation System
Automated Transfer System







About
Contact
Storefront Sitemap













Share :
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Delicious
My EC21
Email this page




				Browse:
				Manufacturer Directory
Countries
China
India
Korea
Premium Suppliers
Community
Site Map


About EC21
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Report Item
Online Trading Risks
Product Listing Policy


中文
繁體
한국어
日本語
Español
Русский
Français
Deutsch

Copyright (c)1997-2017 EC21 Inc. All Rights Reserved.  EC21 in KoreanChinese
Business Registry Number: 120-86-03931


Inquiry Basket








All products of SFA Engineering Corp.










































 SFA Engineering Corp.




Home
Products









Product Categories

All Products
FPD & CEMICON Equipment
CRT Manufacturing System
Factory Automation System
Automated Transfer System

















All Products 


View as  :



(1 - 12 out of 14) 










LCD Manufacturing Equipment & System











PDP/Semicon/OLED Manufacturing Equipment & System 











LCD Glass Manufacturing System













FPD Automation System











CRT Manufacturing System (Screen Process) 











CRT Manufacturing System (Tube & Inspection Process) 













Manufacturing System for the Lithium-ion Polymer Battery











Automatic Assembly and Processing System











Special Purpose Machine 













Welding System











Automatic Conveying System











Automated Manufacturing Process






View as  :



(1 - 12 out of 14) 





12NextLast






Send an Inquiry to this supplier



Send an Inquiry to this supplier



* From



  To
I.S. Kwak
SFA Engineering Corp.


* Subject




* Message



Use English only Max. 2000 characters. (Min. 20)
Send
























Categories
FPD & CEMICON Equipment
CRT Manufacturing System
Factory Automation System
Automated Transfer System







About
Contact
Storefront Sitemap













Share :
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Delicious
My EC21
Email this page




				Browse:
				Manufacturer Directory
Countries
China
India
Korea
Premium Suppliers
Community
Site Map


About EC21
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Report Item
Online Trading Risks
Product Listing Policy


中文
繁體
한국어
日本語
Español
Русский
Français
Deutsch

Copyright (c)1997-2017 EC21 Inc. All Rights Reserved.  EC21 in KoreanChinese
Business Registry Number: 120-86-03931


Inquiry Basket








SFA ENGINEERING CORP



















Home
Categories
Regions
Products
Trade Leads
Company Reviews
My Account



Welcome, GuestSign InSign Up

PositionHome - General Industrial Equipment / Other General Industrial Equipment - South Korea - Profile




SFA ENGINEERING CORP





Business TypeManufacturer
Main MarketsEastern Asia
Product/ServiceLCD, PDP and Semiconductor manufacturing equipments (Edge Grinder, Cullet Remover, Cleaner, Auto Polarized M/C, Silicone Dispenser, Clean Loading/Unloading System and FPC Bonder etc)
Business OwnerShin. Eun-
Employees101 - 500 People
RegionSouth Korea
CategoryGeneral Industrial Equipment - Other General Industrial Equipment
Link ToolSouth Korea General Industrial Equipment - South Korea Other General Industrial Equipment
Company TagsCleaner - Edge Grinder - Factory Automation - Information - Semiconductor Manufacturing



Company Introduction
We, SFA Corporation is one of leader and biggest manufacturer of the LCD, PDP and Semiconductor manufacturing equipments (Edge Grinder, Cullet Remover, Cleaner, Auto Polarized M/C, Silicone Dispenser, Clean Loading/Unloading System and FPC Bonder etc), CRT manufacturing, Factory Automation, Automated Transfer (Automatic Conveying System) and AS/RS & Distribution System (Automatic Warehouse and Clean Logistics) etc in Korea and worldwide. We have a good reputation with high quality and excellent service from our main customer SAMSUNG (Electronic and SDI etc) and other major partners. 
Our equipments are built with the world`s best production technology to help you improve your company`s competitiveness. 
If you need more information and are interested in our production list, please feel free contact us and visit our web site.


Contact Information
Contact PersonMr. WILLIAM LEE
Telephone82-31-3797405
Fax Number82-31-3797507
Websitehttps://www.gmdu.net/corp-502552.html
Post Code445-813
AddressDongtan-Myun, Hwasung, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea
Online MapSFA ENGINEERING CORP Map & Directions





Company ReviewsSFA ENGINEERING CORP
No advertising and no spamming please

Your Name
Your RatingRating 1 (Bad)Rating 2 (Below Average)Rating 3 (Average)Rating 4 (Good)Rating 5 (Excellent!)
Comment


SFA ENGINEERING CORP no reviews currently
No reviews currently, you may post the first one.




Recent Updates

Meticulous Business Solutions Private Limited
Accurate Engineers
Plantation Catering Newport
HSPOS TECHNOLOGY Co,.Ltd(Zhongshan)
Supreme Fashions India
Standard Freight Rnc
Aparna carbons Private Limited
Shandong Jintai Electrical Equipment Co.,Ltd.
Perfect Stone Inc
Dunexo ceramic pvt.ltd.
Kuhne furniture hardware & fittings ltd.
Foshan Hongda-Dante Chemical Co.,Ltd



Related Company

FMC Valve Co., LTD.
Haeseung Hitech Co Ltd.
SEUNGMIN INDUSTRIAL CO
Hanmi Industries Ltd.
PITO CO.,LTD.
Code Instruments,Inc
Refstore
BaekSan Propeller Co., Ltd.
Hansung Co., Ltd
Daontech Co.,Ltd
Ewha Machinery Co.,Ltd.
SFA ENGINEERING CORP
Samo-Eng co.,ltd.






Cleaner - Edge Grinder - Factory Automation


About Us - Contact Us - Privacy Policy - Daily Updates - Report Abuse


Copyright 2008-2017 © All Rights Reserved
Global Trades From Here



 








SFA Engineering Corporation Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  SFA Engineering Corporation     







 


 South Korea                
SFA Engineering Corporation
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Industrial Machinery Manufacturing
Available in: English
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Headquarters
                                38, Yeongcheon-ro Hwaseong-si Gyeonggi                                
                                Yeongcheon;                                Gyeongsangbuk;                                Map 
                                                                    Postal Code: 641847                                                            

Tel: 031-379-
Fax: 031-379-




Website:
http://www.sfa.co.kr 



 

Company Description                    




                        SFA Engineering Corporation is engaged in manufacturing and distribution of material handling systems (MHS) and process & precision equipment (PPE). The company's product portfolio includes display equipment, solar cell manufacturing equipment, semiconductor equipment, semiconductor AMHS, nuclear fusion equipment, aerospace equipment, film equipment, printed electronic equipment, process automation equipment, test equipment, AGV/LGV, packaging and loading equipment as well as distribution automation equipment. SFA Engineering Corporation is based in Hwaseong, Gyeonggi-do Province, South Korea. The company was incorporated in 1998.                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 




Other General Industrial Equipment Manufacturers



















Home
Categories
Regions
Products
Trade Leads
Company Reviews
My Account



Welcome, GuestSign InSign Up

PositionHome - General Industrial Equipment / Other General Industrial Equipment - List




Related ProductsGeneral Industrial Equipment / Other General Industrial Equipment
















Related Trade LeadsGeneral Industrial Equipment / Other General Industrial Equipment

SellMarine 2HM4200-128 Twin Screw Pump for Oil Tanker
SellTower light
SellPure Cotton Soft Hand Gloves
Selloil centrifuge,oil purifiers
SellVertical turning lathe VTL machine
Sellindustry mining & mineral centrifugal slurry pump
SellChamfer Bright Bar
BuyNeed Used Refrigerator Compressors Scrap
SellXCMG 3t wheel loader LW300FN
SellSELL Husqvarna 576XP (24") 74cc Professional Gas Chain Saw
SellZp-m200 Aquarium water pump 1.6m 200L/H
SellOffer mini yanmar excavator undercarriage parts front idler




Related RegionsAustralia9 Bangladesh4 Brazil5 Cameroon1 Canada8 China137 Egypt6 France3 Germany4 Hong Kong9 India137 Indonesia23 Iran14 Italy9 Japan3 Malaysia21 Mexico4 Netherlands5 Nigeria7 Pakistan16 Philippines5 Poland3 Russian Federation3 Saudi Arabia9 Singapore12 South Africa3 South Korea21 Spain1 Taiwan10 Thailand5 Turkey27 Ukraine6 United Arab Emirates15 United Kingdom28 United States54 Vietnam3





Zibo S&N Rare Earth New Material Corp
our company is a leading NdFeB permanent magnetic materials and devices manufacturer in China, our main products as bellows: 1) NdFeB magnets, N38SH, N42SH,N52M, N50H,N48SH, N38EH ...
Telephone+865332850009Address1118 Luxin Rd, Zibo


China Huanggong Machinery Group Co.,Ltd.
Established and based in China, Huanggong Machinery Group is a manufacturer and leading provider for marine pump including twin screw pump, three screw pump, gear oil pump, centrif...
Telephone+86 577 67319155AddressHuangong Industrial park, Dongou Industrial Zone, 325102,Wenzhou,Zhejiang,China


Kanadian Bit Supplies
Kanadian Bit Supplies is a drilling equipment company that specializes in the distribution of new and used tricones, PDC, and blade drill bits. We carry thousands of bits in stock ...
Telephone(250) 590-4654Address3154 Delta St, Victoria, BC , Canada


Boss Makina San.Tic.Ltd.Şti
As Boss Makina, we serve to the machinery, automotive and cardboard sectors with timely, budgetary and high quality commitment since 2015.We have a complex area of 1000 m2 with a capacity of 15 people in Bursa - Yaylacık neighborhood.
Telephone+90532 664 08 10AddressYaylacık Mah. 46. Sk. No:4/1


Fluidra Youli Fluid Systems (wenzhou) Co., Ltd
Fluidra Youli is a company invested by Fluidra (spanish listed group).it is specialized in providing the solution for fluid handling.The products are including but not limited to UPVC/CPVC, pipes, fittings and valves.
Telephone0577-62767999AddressNo,88 Xinye Road, Liushi, yueqing Wenzhou, Zhejiang, China


Jinan Vigorous Trading Co.,Ltd.
Jinan Vigorous Trading Co.,Ltd. supplies superior quality and service in the field of Concrete machinery,Window&Door Equipment(Cutting series, Aluminum processing machine, Hydr...
Telephone15562675097AddressGongye nan road 100, Lixia District, Jinan, Shandong


Bhagvan Shri Strips (P) Ltd
Established in - 2013 Trading of Stainless Steel Coil Grade 201, 2B and BA polish and Circles.
Telephone9311053802AddressWazirpur Industrial Area


AC2N CO.,LTD
We are supply Hardboard, Pegboard which is made of highest quality woods.It takes shape on the continuous wet forming machine fiber are formed to a wet lap of a predetermined thickness.
Telephone+6681 8480569Address599/18 ฺ Bannklangmuang Tambon Samrongnua Amper Muang Samutprakarn


Santram Engineers Pvt Ltd
Are you looking for finest quality power Transmission Products in town? Santram Engineer PVT.LTD is a leading name to consider that offers an amazing range of products from its space.
Telephone99134-11795Address1418 Phase III, GIDC Vatva


Eldridge G. International Enterprise Corporation
Eldridge G.International Enterprise Corporation was established in 1992 as a registered business entity under the Department of Trade and Industry and Securities and Exchange Commission (DTISEC).
Telephone+632 241-1000Address2/F 814 Reina Regente Street, Binondo Manila, Philippines


AMK Metallurgical Machinery Group Co.,Ltd
AMK Metallurgical Machinery Group Co., Ltd is located in Wuxi, Jiangsu province. The company is specialized in producing and supplying metallurgical and mechanical equipments and s...
Telephone+86 510 86815333AddressNo.2-2 West Binjiang Road, Jiangyin, Jiangsu,China


Rajimpex India
manufactures and dealers for Tea Processing machineries.Pulverier , Rolling table, wood splitter, CRC MACHINES machines.MILD STEEL Welding rods , Aramid and Kelvar hand gloves , Sleeves , heat and cut resistance , German Standards.
Telephone+919363110945Address401, Pudur Mariamman Kovil Street


KHWAJA ENTERPRISE
WE ARE MANUFACTURER AND EXPORTER OF INDUSTRIAL LEATHER WORK HAND GLOVES, APRON, JACKET, ARMS/LEG GUARDS ETC.NEED OVERSEAS BUYERS.
Telephone+91 33 26752038Address17 - NANDA GHOSH ROAD, HOWRAH - 711101 INDIA.


Kaijo Shibuya America Inc.
For over 65 years Kaijo has been a global leader in developing ultrasonic technology for cleaning applications. We provide a full line of ultrasonic products from large industrial ...
Telephone408 675-5575Address1600 Wyatt Dr #14,Santa Clara,CA


Hetal Gravotech Pvt Ltd
Hetal Gravotech is well established Rotogravure Cylinder Plants machinery manufacturer in Gujarat at Kalol near Gandhinagar.Hetal Gravotech Pvt Ltd was founded in 2009.We are the vest Rotogravure Cylinder Making Plants Suppliers.
Telephone9909931239AddressPlot No 198/2, Dantali Industrial Estate, Near Deepak Poly Plast, Village Dantali, Gota Varsar road, Kalol - 382721, Gujarat, India


Global Steel Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd
Global Steel Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd is located in malaysia, we are the storage racking , book shelf , shose rack supplier.
Telephone+03-50218589AddressA-5-10, Empire Tower, SS16/1, 47500 Subang Jaya, Selangor Daeul Ehsan . Malaysia


FMC Valve Co., LTD.
Forged Steel Bellows Seal Valve bellows seal gate valve, bellow seal globe valve Forged Steel Valve gate valve, globe valve, check valve Forged Steel High Pressure Valve Bonnetless...
Telephone+82-2-592-1456AddressSeoul Office: 7, Sapyeong-daero 20-gil, Seocho-gu, Seoul, Korea


Zibo Huihua Valve Industry Co.
Huihua valve industry co., main range of manufacturing are: Butterfly valve, resilient and metal seated gate valve, swing check valve, lift check valve, wafer check valve, Y-strainer, globe valve, angle valve, ball valve and foot valve etc.
Telephone+865336077206AddressNo.36 minan road, New Hi-Tech Industrial Zone,zhangdian district, Zibo,Shandong,China


Bergamot Sdn.Bhd
Bergamot Sdn Bhd is one of the top importers, exporters and distributor for disposable products such as Latex Examination Glove, Nitrile Examination Glove, Vinyl Glove, Face Mask, Mob Cap, Bouffant Cap, Shoe Cover and Etc.
Telephone+603-89644186Address31,Jalan Balakong Jaya 4, Taman Industri Balakong, 43300 Seri Kembangan,Selangor


INTER MACHINERY GROUP Corp Ltd
my company deals with general trade,import-export of anykind of products particluarly machinery and machinery equipment,installation of anykind of industrial units.
Telephone(00228) 99452666:92011197Address24,Rue Gbeblewou Lomé-TOGO



[1/351234567891011Next]



Refine by Categories

Air Cleaner Parts33
Air Cleaners7
Air Conditioner Parts75
Air Conditioners195
Air-Compressor Parts44
Air-Compressors109
Air-Separator Parts1
Air-Separators123
Boiler Parts27
Boilers173
Cleaning Equipment127
Cleaning Equipment Parts27
Energy Saving Equipment139
Energy Saving Equipment Parts13
Engine Parts54
Engines101
Filter Supplies668
Filters293
General Industrial Equipment Agents530
General Industrial Equipment Design Services24
Laser Equipment245
Laser Equipment Parts17
Material Handling Equipment3623
Material Handling Equipment Parts131
Refrigeration & Heat Exchange396
Refrigeration & Heat Exchange Parts141
Used General Industrial Equipment60
Vacuum Equipment355
Vacuum Equipment Parts10
Ventilation Fan Parts2
Ventilation Fans120
Welding & Soldering Supplies778
Welding Equipment643
Other General Industrial Equipment690






Other General Industrial Equipment - Fashion Scarf - Folding Cup


About Us - Contact Us - Privacy Policy - Daily Updates - Report Abuse


Copyright 2008-2017 © All Rights Reserved
Global Trades From Here











 Sfa Engineering Corp , South Korea | Supplier Data
Datamyne



























































Making trade data work for you





Countries  
South korea  
Supplier Starts With S

 




SFA ENGINEERING CORP


South Korea 
 
 
 







12 Month Supply Chain Summary            
(October 07, 2015 ─ October 07, 2016)

SFA ENGINEERING CORP supplied 2 shipments to the US since Oct 7, 2015.




Top Importer



 Mission Solar Energy LLC 
2
Importers for this supplier for the last 12 months






Top HS Code Products



843880 -  Ind Prep, Manuf Food, Drink Exc Ext, Prep Anim, Veg OL 









Top Carriers



 Dongsue Consol CO LTD Charter Link Logistics Limited 






Top Ports of Departure



 Busan, Pusan, South Korea 










Top Countries of Origin



 South Korea 




Alternative content for the map














See all shipments for  Sfa Engineering Corp when you subscribe to Datamyne.




How Datamyne Benefits You


Datamyne covers the trade of some 50 countries across 5 continents, as well as the details of US import and export commerce with over 230 trading partners. Original US import bills are available online one day after we receive them from Customs, making our US import data the earliest available anywhere.
Easily access our database via a web-based interface that speeds and simplifies trade data research, delivering the information you need for successful marketing, prospecting and sourcing strategies.
See why more than 3,000 professionals are using Datamyne today.
Request a Demo






Take our Tour





 Product  Overview 
Plans and Pricing 
Why Choose Datamyne? 












Easy access, with expert support, to the largest searchable trade database in the world.
















                Search US import details FREE for companies like:              





SFA ENGINEERING CORP                  





First Name



Last Name





Company



Email



Country  
                        
United States
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Phone





                          I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy






Get My Free Search
















 














































    SFA Engineering Corporation - Company Profile and Financial Analysis
























Login -
  My basket -
  




EUR GBP 


























SFA Engineering Corporation - Company Profile and Financial Analysis

June 2015
29 pages
GlobalData
        

Report ID: 3078195



Summary
Table of contents


SummaryICD Research's "SFA Engineering Corporation - Company Profile and Financial Analysis" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, financial ratios, financial analysis, key employees, company locations and subsidiaries.Key FindingsThis report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "SFA Engineering Corporation"The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. ICD Research strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.Synopsis- Identifies crucial company information about "SFA Engineering Corporation" along with major products and services for business intelligence requirements.- Provides key ratios on company's financial performance.- Identifies key employees to assist with key business decisions.- Provides annual and interim financial ratios.Reasons To Buy- Enhance your understanding of "SFA Engineering Corporation"- Increase business/sales activities by understanding customers' businesses better.- Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.- Qualify prospective partners, affiliates or suppliers.- Acquire up-to-date company information and an understanding of the company's financial health.Key HighlightsSFA Engineering Corporation (SFA) is a manufacturer and supplier of material handling and precision equipment. The company offers products such as display equipment, semiconductor equipment, solar cell equipment, aerospace equipment, nuclear fusion equipment and semiconductor AMHS. It also provides film equipment, process automation equipment, printed electronic equipment, test equipment, AGV and LGV, packaging and loading equipment and distribution automation equipment. The company markets its products throughout South Korea. It operates through its facilities located in Asan and Hwaseong-si, South Korea; and Shenzhen China. SFA is headquartered in Hwaseong-si, South Korea.
	

		Table of Contents1 SFA Engineering Corporation - Key Employees2 SFA Engineering Corporation - Major Products and Services3 SFA Engineering Corporation - Key Events4 SFA Engineering Corporation - Locations and Subsidiaries4.1 SFA Engineering Corporation - Head Office5 SFA Engineering Corporation - Business Analysis5.1 SFA Engineering Corporation - Company Overview6 SFA Engineering Corporation - Company Financial Analysis6.1 SFA Engineering Corporation - Five Year Snapshot: Overview of Financial and Operational Performance Indicators7 SFA Engineering Corporation - Interim ratios7.1.1 SFA Engineering Corporation - Financial ratios: Capital Market Ratios7.2 SFA Engineering Corporation - Financial Performance and Ratio Charts7.2.1 SFA Engineering Corporation - Revenue and Operating margin7.2.2 SFA Engineering Corporation - Asset and Liabilities7.2.3 SFA Engineering Corporation - Operational Efficiency7.2.4 SFA Engineering Corporation - Solvency7.2.5 SFA Engineering Corporation - Valuation7.3 SFA Engineering Corporation - Competitive Benchmarking7.3.1 SFA Engineering Corporation - Market Capitalization7.3.2 SFA Engineering Corporation - Efficiency7.3.3 SFA Engineering Corporation - Turnover: Inventory and Asset7.3.4 SFA Engineering Corporation - Liquidity8 Appendix8.1 Methodology8.2 SFA Engineering Corporation - Ratio Definitions8.3 DisclaimerList of TablesTable 1: SFA Engineering Corporation - Key EmployeesTable 2: SFA Engineering Corporation - Major Products and ServicesTable 3: SFA Engineering Corporation - Key EventsTable 4: SFA Engineering Corporation - Annual ratiosTable 5: SFA Engineering Corporation - Interim ratiosTable 6: SFA Engineering Corporation - Capital Market RatiosList of FiguresFigure 1: SFA Engineering Corporation - Revenue and Operating ProfitFigure 2: SFA Engineering Corporation - Financial PositionFigure 3: SFA Engineering Corporation - Operational EfficiencyFigure 4: SFA Engineering Corporation - SolvencyFigure 5: SFA Engineering Corporation - ValuationFigure 6: SFA Engineering Corporation - Market CapitalizationFigure 7: SFA Engineering Corporation - EfficiencyFigure 8: SFA Engineering Corporation - Turnover: Inventory and AssetFigure 9: SFA Engineering Corporation - Liquidity
	






Immediate delivery






              $ 99 - 1 User License
              

              $ 198 - Site License
              

              $ 297 - Corporate License
              




Get Report
Pay by invoice
Get a quote



 Veronica helps you find the right report:

+1 718 213 4904
Contact by email




FAQ

Delivery time
User license
Payment options



Testimonials







The market research advisor answered my questions quickly and professionally. ReportBuyer's team did their best to ensure that I felt comfortable before making the investment to purchase the report.


Cristian Nunez
          Director of Corporate Development Chugach Alaska Corporation
        



My overall experience with ReportBuyer today has been very positive, and I must thank you for your patience (...). Also, the sample you sent me and the explanations provided were very helpful.


D. Lescuyer
          Executive Vice President Oral Business at Skyepharma
        



The research specialist was very helpful, and proposed the best content for my needs.
ReportBuyer also offered a great follow-up, thanks for everything !


P. Thompson
          EMEA Managing Director
        



We were satisfied with the support that ReportBuyer's team provided. Thanks to their recommendations, the report we purchased provided exactly what we want.


Y. Wang
          Business Analyst
        



We didn't have time to do the research internally, and thanks to ReportBuyer's team we were able to find the appropriate data.


S. Chen
          Research Coordinator
        



I was impressed by the customer service: it was fast, responsive, and 100% professional !


D. Krivan
          Market Research Analyst
        



The research specialist provided prompt and helpful service. He also followed up to ensure I had all the information to deliver my business development plan.


C. Adams
          Senior Business Development Manager
        












Our reports have been used by over 10K customers, including:









































































Related reports and data













                    Hyundai Cement Company Limited
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    69 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Hyundai Cement Company Limited  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including...
                                            
















                    Mega Md Co Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    65 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Mega Md Co Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information,...
                                            
















                    FNC Entertainment Co Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for FNC Entertainment Co Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact...
                                            
















                    Hyungkuk F&B Co Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    65 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Hyungkuk F&B Co Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact...
                                            
















                    YJM Games Co Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    65 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for YJM Games Co Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information,...
                                            
















                    Devsisters Corp
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    67 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Devsisters Corp  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information,...
                                            





More…





        Country=SouthKorea Date=201506 Topic=FinancialAnalysis Publisher=GlobalData Price=1000
    












 






Sfa Engineering Corp
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Sfa Engineering Corp, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Sfa Engineering Corp

Sfa Engineering Corp exports to Misson Solar Energy through the port of Los Angeles, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Sfa Engineering Corp and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 TOYS R-US (WAREHOUSE #0083)
 JC PENNEY
 SHIN CATERPILLAR MITSUBISHI        
 FRITO LAY DOMINICANA, S.A.         
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Sfa Engineering Corp
Sfa Engineering Corp exports to Misson Solar Energy through the port of Los Angeles, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



SFA ENGINEERING CORP
. 166 SHINHANG RI DUNPO MYUN ANSAN SI CHUNGCHUNGNAMDO KOREA 336 873


MISSON SOLAR ENERGY LLC
. 8303 S NEW BRANUFELS AVE SAN ANTON IO TEXAS 78235 USA



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



MISSON SOLAR ENERGY LLC
. 8303 S NEW BRANUFELS AVE SAN ANTON IO TEXAS 78235 USA



NO MARKS
NO MARKS





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



HDMUBUWB4558063


TEMU9230735
TEMU9230735


Product Description




SOLAR PV MOUDULE LINE AUTOMATION 8479 89 9099
SOLAR PV MOUDULE LINE AUTOMATION 8479 89 9099









Bill of LadingDCCTPUS15120044Arrival Date2015-12-17Weight (LB)10,340Weight (KG)4,700Quantity1 PKGContainer Count1Voyage No.085EPort of LoadingPUSANPort of DischargeLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIAVessel NameHD. HONGKONGCarrier CodeDCCTCountry Of OriginSouth KoreaPlace Of ReceiptBUSAN, KOREA 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Sfa Engineering Corp. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Sfa Engineering Corp has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Sfa Engineering Corp







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Sfa Engineering Corp
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Castellani Spa (c.to Dep.) Via Del                                



                                    Bloomsdays                                



                                    Donguang Powerme Plastic Mfg Co.                                



                                    Kubli Sas                                



                                    Desdobramento De Madeiras                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3445
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















