






UltraTech Group Of Labs | Product Compliance Testing & EMC 


































































 










 















			 
			





			 
										





			 
					




UltraTech Group of Labs
Providing Regulatory Product Compliance for Global Markets
ISO/IEC 17025 by ANAB and ISO/IEC 17065 by ANSI
EST. 1989 













MEET THE TEAM
EXPERTS IN LOW COST PRODUCT APPROVAL TESTS
Engineers with 20+ years experience testing and certifying equipment in the USA, CANADA & EU
+ DETAILS
 






ACCREDITATION
FCC, ANSI, ANAB, ISED, VCCI, KCC, BMSI - GLOBALLY
Accredited to regulatory standards in the USA, Canada, EU, Japan, South Korea & Taiwan
+ DETAILS
 






FACILITIES
SEVEN STATES OF THE ART TESTING CHAMBERS & SITES
10M Semi-Anechoic, 3M-10M Compact, SAR Test, OATS, Telecom & Product Safety Test facilities
+ DETAILS
 






CLIENT FORMS
ACCESS TO OVER ALL REQUIRED FORMS FOR TESTING & CERTIFICATION
FCC TCB & ISED Canada CB Report Information, Accounting Templates and Forms available
+ DOWNLOAD














WHO WE ARE








HISTORY
Ultratech's recognized expertise is in the areas of industry wide accepted EMC design practices for the mitigation of high emissions levels. Coupled with their wide test and measurement capabilities, Ultratech's services form an integral part of any manufacturer’s product development cycle. Our Engineers have over two decades of experience testing and certifying equipment in the USA, Canada, and the European Union. Our experienced engineering staff work as part of the manufacturer’s development team to review test plans and perform final product approval tests with low cost solutions !







WHAT WE DO
Ultratech’s facility is accredited to ISO/IEC 17025 by ANAB and ISO/IEC 17065 by ANSI. With Ultratech, you will receive prompt testing of your product, complete reports, and follow-up services from report submission to final approval or Grant. Priority testing services are also available at Ultratech. Ultratech’s FCC TCB & ISED Canada CB services provide a FAST turnaround time on certifications. We can issue your approvals for USA & Canada scopes. It is the policy of Ultratech to provide testing, Certification, and related services to our customers with quality, honesty, integrity, impartiality, and professionalism while maintaining compliance with the defined scope of our accreditation.







 





SCOPES OF TESTING








+ EMC AIRBORNE





+ EMC COMMERCIAL







+ EMC RADIO





+ EMC MILITARY







+ TELECOM





+ PRODUCT SAFETY






























 










UltraTech | Oil Spill Containment & Oil Spill Solutions by UltraTech International Inc.





































Ultratech

Distributors


Products


Support


Blog

















All Categories

New Products


Advanced Technologies


Spill Containment



Stormwater Management



Spill Response & Decon









Spill Containment Pallets


Spill Pallets - Standard


Spill Pallets - Economy


Spill Pallets - Plus


Spill Pallets - Nestable


Spill Pallets - Flexible


Spill Pallets - Fluorinated


Spill Pallets - Spill King


Spill Pallets - Steel




IBC Spill Pallets


IBC Spill Pallets - Plus


IBC Spill Pallets


IBC Spill Pallets - Twin


IBC Spill Pallets - Modular


Hard Tops - IBC


Hard Tops - Twin IBC


Hard Tops - Modular IBCs


IBC Spill Pallets - Steel






Spill Decks


Spill Decks - Standard


Spill Decks - Bladder Systems


Spill Decks - Inline


Spill Decks - Flexible


Spill Decks - Plus


Spill Decks - P6/P8


Spill Decks - Fluorinated




Spill Containment Berms


Containment Berms - Modular/Gorilla


Containment Berms - Mini Foam Wall


Containment Berms - Foam Wall


Containment Berms - Rapid Rise


Containment Berms - Ultimate


Containment Berms - Collapsible Wall


Containment Berms - Stake Wall


Containment Berms - Compact


Containment Berms - Economy


Containment Wall


Berm Builder


Hose Stand


Protect Your Berm


Garage Barriers






Hard Top Spill Pallets


Hard Tops - P1 Plus


Hard Tops - P2 Plus


Hard Tops - P4 Plus


Hard Tops - Plus Models


Hard Tops - P2


Hard Tops - P4


Hard Tops - IBC


Hard Tops - Twin IBC


Hard Tops - Modular IBCs




Other Spill Containment Products


Track Pans


Transformer Trays


Containment Sumps


Containment Sumps - Flexible


Containment Trays


Drum Rack Containment


Drum Trays


Drum Truck


Rack Containment Trays


Rack Sumps


Safe Connect


Safety Cabinet Bladder Sys


Self Bailers


Spill Collectors


Spill Trays


Stacking Shelf


Utility Trays


Utility Trays - Flexible


Line Pipe Tray










Storm Drain Products


Trench Filter Booms


Basin Guards


Curb Guards - Insert Style


Curb Guard Plus


Debris Screens


Drain Guards


Drain Guards - Adjustable Frame


Drain Guards - Curb-Insert


Drain Guards - Heavy Metal


Drain Guards - High Capacity


Drain Guards - Microbe Boom


Drain Guards - Recycled


Drain Guards - Reusable


Drain Guards - Ultimate


Drain Guard - Retainers


Filter Socks


Grate Hooks


Grate Lifters


Grate Guards


Grate Guard Plus


Gutter Guard


Gutter Guard Plus


Hydrokleens


Inlet Guards


Oil & Debris Blockers


Passive Skimmers


Universal Samplers




Outdoor Spill Containment


Hard Tops - P1 Plus


Hard Tops - P2 Plus


Hard Tops - P4 Plus


Hard Tops - Plus Models


Hard Tops - P2


Hard Tops - P4


Hard Tops - IBC


Hard Tops - Twin IBC


Hard Tops - Modular IBCs






Erosion Control Products


Erosion Guard


Dewatering Bags


Dewatering Bags - Reusable


Gravel Bags


Hose Connectors


Silt Dikes






Other Products


X-Tex


Utility Filter Socks


Downspout Guards


Drain Markers


Filter Decks


Pipe Socks


Phos Filter


Sampling Kits



















Products for a cleaner, safer world.
Invention, innovation and evolution of better solutions.


Learn More









Hard Top
The ONLY 1-drum outdoor containment available on the market.












Learn More









Gentoo
The next generation of corrosion-resistant and easy-cleaning coatings.





Learn More









Containment Berms
Portable spill containment for trucks vehicles, equipment and other large vessels.


Learn More









Other Spill Containment Products
Utility Trays
Keep messy drips and spills off warehouse and factory floors.


Learn More









Drain Guards
Catch basin inserts keep sand, sediment and oil out storm drains.







Learn More










UltraTech Media
FEATURED VIDEOS











Outdoor Spill Containment
The Only One-Drum Model Available on the Market

                            Learn more about 
Ultra-Hard Top P1 Plus








Ultra Spill Deck Assembly Video



Gentoo Coating



Gentoo - Checking Hydrolysis



Gentoo - Adhesion & Chemical Resistance Test Instructional Video



Gentoo - Corrosion-resistant and easy-cleaning coating



Gentoo   Application Instructional Video



Gentoo on F-16  Canopy



Advanced Technology Group - What is it?



Ultra-Ever Dry on Kayak Paddle



Ultra-Oil Mop



Ultra Ever Dry Car Test AutoStrada MD









UltraTech International, Inc.
Products for a cleaner, safer world.™





New Products






Advanced Technologies






Spill Containment






Stormwater Management






Spill Response & Decon






Microbes






Oil Spill






Construction Compliance






Facility Protection



More Than 400 Unique And Innovative Products
Browse Online Catalog






Where do I find UltraTech products?
UltraTech sells exclusively through our authorized distributors.
Find a Distributor



About UltraTech
We are the premier provider of environmental compliance products.

Over 30 years of experience.
Introduce an average of 20 new products per year.

Learn More
















Atomic Layer Deposition Systems - Veeco/CNT



























































































 






Atomic Layer Deposition
ALD 


ALD Overview
ALD Advantages
ALD for Research
ALD for Production
ALD in Action
ALD Materials


 Products 

ALD Products
Savannah
Fiji
Phoenix


 Applications 
 ALD Applications
3D Nanofabrication
III-V Semiconductor
Batteries / Energy
Chalcogenides
Electronics
Encapsulation

SAMS
Water Splitting


 Services 

ALD Services
Coatings
Consulting


 Knowledge Center 

ALD Knowledge Center
ALD Bibliography
Our Research
Tutorial
Periodic Table
ALD Users Group


 About Us

About Veeco CNT
News
Events
Careers
Distributors
Contact






 








{{slide.title}}
              {{slide.text}}
{{slide.linktext}}









ALD Systems
Veeco/CNT offers a full suite of ALD systems for research and production applications. The affordable and reliable Savannah is a research workhorse. Fiji offers advanced experimentation capabilities such as plasma-enhanced ALD. Phoenix systems offer production ALD capacity. 
 
Savannah

 
Fiji

 
Phoenix


Compare these ALD systems
Driving ALD Research
Veeco/CNT is the leading ALD supplier to academic and industrial institutions worldwide, with hundreds of systems shipped for research and development.  Our Savannah ALD system has been used to produce more than a thousand of peer-reviewed academic papers.

Research Samples



Atomic Layer Deposition of the Solid Electrolyte Garnet Li7La3Zr2O12
Kazyak, E. et al.,  
                Chem Mater 29, 3785–3792 (2017)


Low-Temperature Atomic Layer Deposition of MoS 2Films
Xiao, B. et al., 
                  Angew. Chem. Int. Ed. 56, 4991–4995 (2017)


Highly stable Li1.2Mn0.54Co0.13Ni0.13O 2 enabled by novel atomic layer deposited AlPO4 coating
Xiao, B. et al.,
                  Nano Energy 34, 120–130 (2017)


Process Control of Atomic Layer Deposition Molybdenum Oxide Nucleation and Sulfidation to Large-Area MoS 2Monolayers
Keller, B. D. et al.,
                  Chem Mater 29, 2024–2032 (2017)


Plasma-enhanced atomic layer deposition of superconducting niobium nitride
Sowa, M. J. et al.,
                 Journal Of Vacuum Science & Technology A-Vacuum Surfaces And Films 35, 01B143 (2016)




What our customers are saying
At Veeco/CNT our customers’ feedback is important to us. The following quotes are typical of some of the responses we get from the tool owners in response to our direct support line at [ALDsupport AT ultratech DOT com].





        June 29, 2016
        
        “We have been working with the Savannah and Fiji ALD systems for
        over eight years and have found them to be excellent research tools. 
        Our decision to move forward with our most recent purchase and to establish 
        a collaborative relationship with Ultratech-CNT was based on our confidence
        in the performance of these products and in the consistency of support we have
        always received from the Ultratech-CNT staff over the years”
        
Prof. Miin-Jang Chen
        Nanoelectronic and Nanophotonic Materials Laboratory (NNML)
        National Taiwan University 



        June 24, 2015
        
        "Ultratech-CNT's ALD system has provided a significant boost to 
        our research productivity, enabling us to make rapid advances in the field 
        of surface and interfacial modification of energy conversion devices, 
        including batteries, solar cells, and catalysts. The versatility of the ALD
        system to address the varied needs of our research program, coupled with 
        the depth of knowledge of their science and engineering team, has enabled 
        us to move very quickly towards producing high-impact research. We are happy 
        to be part of this significant milestone in receiving the 400th  system, 
        and we look forward to developing a strong relationship with Ultratech-CNT."
        
Prof. Neil Dasgupta 
        Department of Mechanical Engineering
        
        University of Michigan 



        August 11, 2015
        
         "The performance and flexibility of our Ultratech Fiji systems 
        have driven our group's nano research since 2011. The role played by 
        these systems has been critical in many of the advances made in Nanostructures 
        for Electrical Energy Storage (NEES)-- our DOE, Energy Frontier Research Center.”
        
 Prof. Gary Rubloff 
        Energy Frontier Research Center (EFRC) 
        
        University of Maryland  







ALD Expertise

Product and Process Support

At Veeco/CNT, we do not just build coating equipment; we're also ALD researchers, users and proponents. Our skilled team of ALD scientists is here to work with you to solve your thin film challenges.

Thin Film Coating Services
Consulting Services
Knowledge Center









Veeco Completes Acquisition of Ultratech, Inc.
Read more...
On May 26th, 2017, Ultratech has joined the product divisions of Veeco. This accretive acquisition creates a leading equipment supplier to the growing Advanced Packaging industry





 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Precision Sheet Metal Fabrication Services - Ultratech, Inc.






























































Ultratech Inc.

 








Navigation



About
Equipment
Capabilities
Testimonials
Contact
RFQ
youtube
linkedin










CapabilitiesRequest a QuotePrecision Sheet Metal FabricationUltratech, Inc. fabricates sheet metal parts for a diverse customer base, including OEMs and Contract Manufacturers, located throughout North America, and to a lesser extent Europe and Asia. Each job is unique and Ultratech takes great care in producing a quality product that is ready to enter a global supply chain after leaving our facility. Below you can find more information regarding fabrication samples, raw materials we work with, the metal fabrication services we offer, the industries we serve, and our quality and engineering departments.
Fabrication SamplesThe following gallery is a sampling of our fabrication work to give you a better idea of our capabilities. We can fabricate whatever you may require, whether it’s a simple bracket, or a complex chassis or prototype.



Materials We FabricateCarbon Steel (Cold Rolled, HRP&O, Galvannealed, Galvanized)
Stainless Steel (304, 316, 430)
Aluminum (2024, 5052, 6061, 7075)
Brass
Copper
*Not a comprehensive list*
*Thicknesses ranging from .005″ to .625″ depending on the material*
Fabrication Services OfferedEngineering / Design / Prototypes
CNC Laser Cutting/Turret Punching
Forming (Press Brake and Rolling)
Automated Hardware Insertion (PEM and Rivet)
Welding (MIG/TIG, Robotic, Spot, Stud)
Grinding /Deburring/ Polishing
Assembly/Kitting
Industries ServedAerospace
Electronics
Food Processing
Telecommunications
Gaming/Casino
Air/Water Purification
Healthcare
Lighting
Quality Management SystemUltratech, Inc. has a quality management system in place designed to consistently meet customer requirements in a cost-effective and timely manner, while continually improving our processes and procedures involved in the sheet metal fabrication process. Each job that enters our shop is treated with the same standard of inspection and care to ensure that it is made per print, and then delivered to the customer on time and in good condition.
At the beginning of the inspection process, each part is checked for compliance by our Amada Fabrivision optical inspection machine.  This ensures that the part was cut/punched from the sheet within tolerance and that all features of the part are present. As the part moves through the shop, a “First Piece Inspection” will be done for each additional operation to ensure compliance. Parts that require multiple welds, bends, or types of hardware will have each individually checked. Any machined parts that may be present in a project will be checked for compliance by our Optical Comparator machine. When a part reaches the end of the fabrication process it is put through a “Final Inspection” to double check tolerances, aesthetic requirements, and functionality.
If the customer insists on a more thorough inspection process we can provide a “First Article Inspection” or an AS 9100 type report, at a cost. In doing this we will provide reports of all dimensions, balloon drawings, paint certifications, plating certifications, material certifications, or whatever else may be required by the customer to receive the traceability they need on their product.
If for whatever reason a customer is not satisfied with the final product they have received, we are always willing to work with them to get it up to the standard they had expected.
EngineeringOur experienced manufacturing engineering staff is happy to work closely with the customer to fabricate the best product possible. Whether this means designing something from scratch, providing feedback for a potential prototype, re-engineering an existing product, or even something simple like selecting a material, we can help.Our goal is to provide the customer with the functionality and cost-effectiveness they are looking for. With the latest engineering software available (Solidworks, Pro-E Wildifre 5.0), the possibilities are limitless. It does not matter if the product is the size of a quarter or a telephone booth, we can fabricate it.
Files Formats Accepted: PDF, Pro-E, Solidworks, Inventor, IGES, STEP, DXF, DWG
Request a Quote





 
 











