



Kozoglu, Istanbul, Turkey - Member IndiaBizClub

















x
IndiaBizClub Login




 



Need help?


Forgot Password?
Not a member? Join today












x

Member Benefits
FAQ
Help

+91 (20) 2532 00 99
wecare@indiabizclub.com


Register Free


x

Member Benefits
FAQ
Help

+91 (20) 2532 00 99
wecare@indiabizclub.com


Register Free






IndiaBizClub



IBC



































KOZOGLU (Istanbul)

N








Profile







J

KOZOGLU (Istanbul)



Profile











KOZOGLUIstanbul, , TurkeyStationery Products - Manufacturer, Export / Import, Proprietorship Firm Since 1994KOMEKS, one of the leading companies in the KOMBASSAN Holding group, is a world famous trademark in the stationary sector. Due to the unique quality of its products and the company's marketing strategies, the KOMEKS brandname is increasing in global market share day by day. 

KOMEKS stationary products are produced in Istanbul, at the Gunesli notebook production facilities, one of the investments made by Kombassan Holding in the paper and paper-making sector.

The Gunesli plant, established in 1994, boast a modern structure utilizing the latest technology, and has been increasing in production capacity since its inception.

All phases of production are optimized for quality and are regularly inspected. This commitment to quality of an international standard is reflected in the highly qualified staff and the technology being used. Quality is assured at all levels by professional specialists who supervise the automated production processes. As confirmation of this the company has been awarded the ISO 9002 Quality Assurance System Certifacate.

KOMBASSAN KOZOGLU is the marketing company that presents Komeks products to Turkish and world markets. Our %100 customer satisfaction principle and target partnership with customers are the driving forces behind our market leadership. KOMEKS school notebooks account for %51 of the Turkish market and this number is likely to grow as a result of careful investment and clever marketing strategy. At present KOMEKS stationary is being exported to 21 countries all over the world. 

The KOMEKS trademark has become an accepted standard of qualiy amoung consumers in all those countries in which it is being distributed. Further plans of 5K KOMBASSAN KOZOGLU include establishing distributorships in foreign countries so as to be closer to local consumers and sellers. Self confident in its production capacity and product quality, KOMEKS is certain that it will succeed in becoming a universal trademark with its own professional marketing team in a very short period of time.

The marketing concept of Kozoglu Paper, Carton and Stationary Products Marketing Inc. is "100% customer satisfaction and partnership of target". It is this motivation that has allowed Kozoglu to capture a 57.5 % share of the Turkish notebook and stationary market with its KOMEKS brand.

5K regards the information and observation obtained by its wholesale dealers as important data for consumer satisfaction. 5K assesses the data it recieves and uses it as a basis for production and marketing strategies. The investment made in the KOMEKS brand for promotion and introduction under the framework of partnership in targets 5K shares with its customers is growing day by day. 5K evaluates and resolves all kinds of problems experienced by dealers and final sales points in their local areas.Products : We are Manufacturers & Exporters of Paper and Paper Products Group of Kombassan Holding one of the largest conglomerates in Turkey.

Our Products are :-
- STATIONARY
- PAPER
- PAPER - CARTONContact InfoKOZOGLUFatih Caddesi, No: 21 GunesliIstanbul - 000 () TurkeyVew complete profile / Contact info







KozogluContact InformationStationery PagesProperties of PaperStationery







 


Related Products

holding turkish satisfaction partnership stationary trademark consumers dealers share data technology carton investment market marketing strategies production gunesli countries sector brand capacity world notebook paper made komeks customers kombassan target increasing kozoglu local group standard professional

















Business Blog
About Us
Support
Contact
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
© Copyright 2000 - 2017 IndiaBizClub. All rights reserved.
















Kombassan As-










 China.cn Homepage  | Sign In  |  Join Now  | New Products  | New Companies













Kombassan As





Home Selling Leads About UsContact










Home >Suppliers>Kombassan As

Selling Leads
About Us
Site Map
Contact Us

Kombassan As 

Street Address :Fatih Str. No.21 Gunesli, Istanbul, Tr, Turkey
Country/Region : Turkey
Telephone:90-212-4855691






About Us


	Kombassan Kozoglu INC. Is marketing the products which are produced by Paper and Paper Products Group of Kombassan Holding one of the largest conglomerates in Turkey. We have two integrated paper factories in Konya, one cardboard factory in Tekirdag, and a notebook and paper confectionary plant located in Istanbul. Read more >>
moreSelling Leads








Turkey Photocopy Paper








Turkey Assortment Boxes



Company Profile


Basic Information
 


Company Name: 
Kombassan As


Business Type:
--


Product/Service:
Paper; copier; Calcium Carbonate


Trade & Market
 

















Address: Fatih Str. No.21 Gunesli, Istanbul, Tr, TurkeyTelephone:90-212-4855691
Browse Products Alphabetically:
A | 
B | 
C | 
D | 

E | 
F | 
G | 
H | 
I | 
J | 

K | 
L | 
M | 
N | 
O | 
P | 

Q | 
R | 
S | 
T | 
U | 
V | 

W | 
X | 
Y | 
Z | 
0-9

Kombassan As Technical Support:China Suppliers





KOZOGLU PAPER, CARTON & STATIONARY PRODUCTS MARKETING INC. | IndiaBizClub



































IndiaBizClub
IBC







Product  

Business
Product
Lead







































KOZOGLU PAPER, CARTON & STATIONARY PRODUCTS MARKETING INC. ISTANBUL (Turkey)





Report Error



Business overview
KOMEKS one of the leading companies in the KOMBASSAN Holding group is a world famous trademark in the stationary sector.  Due to the unique quality of its products and the company's marketing strategies the KOMEKS brandname is increasing in global market share day by day. 

KOMEKS stationary products are produced in Istanbul at the Gunesli notebook production facilities one of the investments made by Kombassan Holding in the paper and paper making sector. 

The Gunesli plant established in 1994 boast a modern structure utilizing the latest technology and has been increasing in production capacity since its inception. 

All phases of production are optimized for quality and are regularly inspected.  This commitment to quality of an international standard is reflected in the highly qualified staff and the technology being used.  Quality is assured at all levels by professional specialists who supervise the automated production processes.  As confirmation of this the company has been awarded the ISO 9002 Quality Assurance System Certifacate. 

KOMBASSAN KOZOGLU is the marketing company that presents Komeks products to Turkish and world markets.  Our 100 customer satisfaction principle and target partnership with customers are the driving forces behind our market leadership.  KOMEKS school notebooks account for 51 of the Turkish market and this number is likely to grow as a result of careful investment and clever marketing strategy.  At present KOMEKS stationary is being exported to 21 countries all over the world. 

The KOMEKS trademark has become an accepted standard of qualiy amoung consumers in all those countries in which it is being distributed.  Further plans of 5K KOMBASSAN KOZOGLU include establishing distributorships in foreign countries so as to be closer to local consumers and sellers.  Self confident in its production capacity and product quality KOMEKS is certain that it will succeed in becoming a universal trademark with its own professional marketing team in a very short period of time. 




Industry
Paper-and-stationery


Business Type
Manufacturers & Exporter/Importer


Establishment Year
1994


Firm Type
Proprietorship


Expand Level
International




Products & Services
We are Manufacturers Exporters of stationary sector all kinds of orders of paper cardboard and paper products

Our Products are 
STATIONARY 
School Notebooks
Hardcover Notebooks
Drawing Notebooks
Music Notebooks
Handwriting Notebooks
Blocknotes
Office Binders
Box Binders

PAPER 
Giftwrap Paper
Photocopy Paper
Drawing Paper
Parchment Paper
Continuous Computer Forms

PAPER CARTON
Grade 1.  Paper
Roll Paper
Alfatriplex Carton
Alfaprint Carton


Contact Details

KOZOGLU PAPER, CARTON & STATIONARY PRODUCTS MARKETING INC.
Fatih Caddesi 
No 21 GnesliISTANBUL, 000 () -  (Turkey)



Login to view more








Similar businessesMore »





Kozoglu
Manufacturers & Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Ce Ka Kagitcilik Tic Ve San Ltd Sti
Manufacturers & Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Tempo Ambalaj Sanayi Ve Dis Ticaret Ltd.
Manufacturers & Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Cİgdemmatbaa Tİc. Ltd
Trader • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Ark Stationery
Manufacturers & Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Tradim S.a.
Trader & Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Ayaz Elektronik Bilgisayar Ltd. Sti.
Manufacturers • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Ceka Ltd
Manufacturers & Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Vifar Ltd
Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)




❬
❭



More from ISTANBUL

» Paper-and-stationery Companies
» Exporter-importer of Paper-and-stationery 
» Manufacturers of Paper-and-stationery 


» Traders of Paper-and-stationery 
» Service-providers of Paper-and-stationery 










 

Contact Company
















school stationary kombassan standard carton marketing kozoglu drawing countries trademark notebooks technology holding sector increasing paper world consumers capacity market binders production komeks professional gunesli turkish






Want to Grow your business too?
Register Free












Enquire


Post Requirement


Report Error







PostRequirement







Copyright © 2000 - 2017 IndiaBizClub. All rights reserved




Make in India


















KOZOGLU | IndiaBizClub



































IndiaBizClub
IBC







Product  

Business
Product
Lead







































KOZOGLU Istanbul (Turkey)





Report Error



Business overview
KOMEKS one of the leading companies in the KOMBASSAN Holding group is a world famous trademark in the stationary sector.  Due to the unique quality of its products and the company's marketing strategies the KOMEKS brandname is increasing in global market share day by day.  

KOMEKS stationary products are produced in Istanbul at the Gunesli notebook production facilities one of the investments made by Kombassan Holding in the paper and paper making sector. 

The Gunesli plant established in 1994 boast a modern structure utilizing the latest technology and has been increasing in production capacity since its inception. 

All phases of production are optimized for quality and are regularly inspected.  This commitment to quality of an international standard is reflected in the highly qualified staff and the technology being used.  Quality is assured at all levels by professional specialists who supervise the automated production processes.  As confirmation of this the company has been awarded the ISO 9002 Quality Assurance System Certifacate. 

KOMBASSAN KOZOGLU is the marketing company that presents Komeks products to Turkish and world markets.  Our 100 customer satisfaction principle and target partnership with customers are the driving forces behind our market leadership.  KOMEKS school notebooks account for 51 of the Turkish market and this number is likely to grow as a result of careful investment and clever marketing strategy.  At present KOMEKS stationary is being exported to 21 countries all over the world.  

The KOMEKS trademark has become an accepted standard of qualiy amoung consumers in all those countries in which it is being distributed.  Further plans of 5K KOMBASSAN KOZOGLU include establishing distributorships in foreign countries so as to be closer to local consumers and sellers.  Self confident in its production capacity and product quality KOMEKS is certain that it will succeed in becoming a universal trademark with its own professional marketing team in a very short period of time. 

The marketing concept of Kozoglu Paper Carton and Stationary Products Marketing Inc.  Is "100 customer satisfaction and partnership of target".  It is this motivation that has allowed Kozoglu to capture a 57. 5 share of the Turkish notebook and stationary market with its KOMEKS brand. 

5K regards the information and observation obtained by its wholesale dealers as important data for consumer satisfaction.  5K assesses the data it recieves and uses it as a basis for production and marketing strategies.  The investment made in the KOMEKS brand for promotion and introduction under the framework of partnership in targets 5K shares with its customers is growing day by day.  5K evaluates and resolves all kinds of problems experienced by dealers and final sales points in their local areas. 




Industry
Paper-and-stationery


Business Type
Manufacturers & Exporter/Importer


Establishment Year
1994


Firm Type
Proprietorship


Expand Level
International




Products & Services
We are Manufacturers Exporters of Paper and Paper Products Group of Kombassan Holding one of the largest conglomerates in Turkey. 

Our Products are 
 STATIONARY
 PAPER
 PAPER CARTON


Contact Details

KOZOGLU
Fatih Caddesi No 21 GunesliIstanbul, 000 () -  (Turkey)



Login to view more








Similar businessesMore »





Kozoglu Paper, Carton & Stationary Products Marketing Inc.
Manufacturers & Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Ce Ka Kagitcilik Tic Ve San Ltd Sti
Manufacturers & Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Tempo Ambalaj Sanayi Ve Dis Ticaret Ltd.
Manufacturers & Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Cİgdemmatbaa Tİc. Ltd
Trader • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Ark Stationery
Manufacturers & Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Tradim S.a.
Trader & Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Ayaz Elektronik Bilgisayar Ltd. Sti.
Manufacturers • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Ceka Ltd
Manufacturers & Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)






Vifar Ltd
Exporter/Importer • Paper-and-stationery
 Istanbul (Turkey)




❬
❭



More from Istanbul

» Paper-and-stationery Companies
» Exporter-importer of Paper-and-stationery 
» Manufacturers of Paper-and-stationery 


» Traders of Paper-and-stationery 
» Service-providers of Paper-and-stationery 










Download VCard

Contact Company





 







Reach



 







Visit
















consumers made production group brand target kozoglu capacity notebook stationary komeks marketing share countries professional trademark increasing partnership data gunesli technology strategies paper standard customers dealers turkish market sector satisfaction local investment carton kombassan holding world






Want to Grow your business too?
Register Free












Enquire


Post Requirement


Report Error







PostRequirement







Copyright © 2000 - 2017 IndiaBizClub. All rights reserved




Make in India


















    Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
























Login -
  My basket -
  




EUR GBP 


























Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis

February 2016
33 pages
Timetric
        

Report ID: 3605133



Summary
Table of contents
Search Inside


SynopsisTimetric's "Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, SWOT analysis, business description, company history, key competitors, financial analysis, recent developments, key employees, company locations and subsidiaries as well as employee biographies.SummaryThis report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S."The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.Scope - Examines and identifies key information and issues about "Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S." for business intelligence requirements. - Studies and presents the company's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities (growth potential) and threats (competition). Strategic and operational business information is objectively reported. - The profile also contains information on business operations, company history, major products and services, key employees, and locations and subsidiaries.Reasons To Buy - Quickly enhance your understanding of "Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S." - Gain insight into the marketplace and a better understanding of internal and external factors which could impact the industry. - Increase business/sales activities by understanding your competitors’ businesses better. - Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.Key HighlightsHaci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. (HOSH) is a multi-business enterprise. The company, though its subsidiaries, operates in various sectors including finance, manufacturing, textile, automotive, trade, retail, cement, food and beverage businesses. The company provides traditional banking services, renewable energy, cement, insurance, and other activities consist of tourism facilities management, information technology and telecommunication services, and tobacco production and distribution. The company operates in Europe, Middle-East, Asia-Pacific and North America and exports its products across globe. It also has multinational business partnership agreements with Ageas, Aviva, Bridgestone, Carrefour, Citi, E.ON, Heidelberg Cement and Philip Morris. HOSH has its headquarters at Istanbul, Turkey.
	

		Table of Contents1 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Business Analysis1.1 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Company Overview1.2 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Business Description1.3 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Major Products and Services2 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Analysis of Key Performance Indicators2.1 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Five Year Snapshot: Overview of Financial and Operational Performance Indicators2.2 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Key Financial Performance Indicators2.2.1 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Revenue and Operating Profit2.2.2 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Asset and Liabilities2.2.3 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Net Debt vs. Gearing Ratio2.2.4 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Solvency2.2.5 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Valuation2.3 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Key Competitors3 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Recent Developments4 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - SWOT Analysis4.1 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - SWOT Analysis - Overview4.2 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Strengths4.3 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Weaknesses4.4 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Opportunities4.5 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Threats5 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Company Statement6 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - History7 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Key Employees8 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Key Employee Biographies9 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Locations and Subsidiaries9.1 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Head Office9.2 Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Other Locations and Subsidiaries10 Appendix10.1 Methodology10.2 Ratio Definitions10.3 DisclaimerList of TablesTable 1: Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Major Products and ServicesTable 2: Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Key Ratios - AnnualTable 3: Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Key Ratios - InterimTable 4: Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Key Capital Market IndicatorsTable 5: Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - HistoryTable 6: Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Key EmployeesTable 7: Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Key Employee BiographiesTable 8: Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - SubsidiariesList of FiguresFigure 1: Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Revenue and Operating ProfitFigure 2: Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Financial PositionFigure 3: Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Net Debt vs. Gearing RatioFigure 4: Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - SolvencyFigure 5: Haci Omer Sabanci Holding A.S. - Valuation
	







            Loading...
          


            We are very sorry, but an error occurred.
            Please contact support@reportbuyer.com if the problem remains.
          









Immediate delivery






              $ 125 - 1 User License
              

              $ 250 - Site License
              

              $ 375 - Corporate License
              




Get Report
Pay by invoice
Get a quote



 Veronica helps you find the right report:

+1 718 213 4904
Contact by email




FAQ

Delivery time
User license
Payment options



Testimonials







The market research advisor answered my questions quickly and professionally. ReportBuyer's team did their best to ensure that I felt comfortable before making the investment to purchase the report.


Cristian Nunez
          Director of Corporate Development Chugach Alaska Corporation
        



My overall experience with ReportBuyer today has been very positive, and I must thank you for your patience (...). Also, the sample you sent me and the explanations provided were very helpful.


D. Lescuyer
          Executive Vice President Oral Business at Skyepharma
        



The research specialist was very helpful, and proposed the best content for my needs.
ReportBuyer also offered a great follow-up, thanks for everything !


P. Thompson
          EMEA Managing Director
        



We were satisfied with the support that ReportBuyer's team provided. Thanks to their recommendations, the report we purchased provided exactly what we want.


Y. Wang
          Business Analyst
        



We didn't have time to do the research internally, and thanks to ReportBuyer's team we were able to find the appropriate data.


S. Chen
          Research Coordinator
        



I was impressed by the customer service: it was fast, responsive, and 100% professional !


D. Krivan
          Market Research Analyst
        



The research specialist provided prompt and helpful service. He also followed up to ensure I had all the information to deliver my business development plan.


C. Adams
          Senior Business Development Manager
        












Our reports have been used by over 10K customers, including:









































































Related reports and data













                    Nurol Gayrimenkul Yatirim
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    51 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Nurol Gayrimenkul Yatirim  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact...
                                            
















                    Goodyear Lastikleri T.A.S.
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Goodyear Lastikleri T.A.S.  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including...
                                            
















                    Turkiye Sise ve Cam Fabrikalari A.S.
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Turkiye Sise ve Cam Fabrikalari A.S.  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company,...
                                            
















                    Marshall Boya ve Vernik Sanayii A.S.
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Marshall Boya ve Vernik Sanayii A.S.  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company,...
                                            
















                    Akdeniz Guvenlik Hizmetleri Anonim Sirketi
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Akdeniz Guvenlik Hizmetleri Anonim Sirketi  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company,...
                                            
















                    Erbosan
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Erbosan  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information,...
                                            





More…





        Country=Turkey Date=201602 Topic=SWOTAnalysis Publisher=Timetric Price=1000
    












 





Kombassan Holding AS - Relationship Science
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Kombassan Holding AS



Overview
Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Financials



Kombassan Holding AS



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


1995




Headquarters


Yenisehir Mahallesi, Dr. M. Hulusi Baybal Caddesi No. 12, Kat. 2 Bera Ismerkezi Selçuklu, Konya 07070




Type of Company



                                                                    Public
                                                            




Industries


Paper Products

Wholesale: Industrial Products & Manufacturing

Industrial Conglomerates

Food

Power & Utilities




Company Description


Kombassan Holding AS is an investment company, which operates in the paper and cardboard; machinery; oil; construction and building material; textile; tourism; marble; and food sectors. It produces cut and roll paper; school notebooks; box files; drawing papers; office files; printed or plain computer streamline forms; bind or spiral attached notebooks with hard covers; reminder note cubes; parchment papers; packaging papers; and A4 or A5 blocks and background cardboard varieties; as well as cardboards. The firm engages in the production of bearings; medical equipment and laser technology for hospitals; construction of movable and folding hydraulic cranes; and building electrical and mechanical bases of constructions and infrastructures. Its products includes flour, tapioca, dry foods, pasta, biscuits, marshmallows, and wafers under the Golda and Melda brand names; bottles spring water; and food, hygiene products, and other consumer goods to retailers, wholesalers, hotels, motels, and resorts. The company was founded on November 22, 1995 and is headquartered in Konya, Turkey.




Website


http://www.kombassan.com.tr





 Executives & Employees



Erol Kaya

Vice Chairman




Korgün Kubar

Manager-Investor Relations & Corporate Relations





Ali Cetin

Investor Relations Officer




Nebi Çig

Investor Relations Officer







                          Board of Directors                        



Erol Kaya

Vice Chairman at Kombassan Holding AS




Hasim Sahin

Vice Chairman at Kombassan Holding AS





Hamdi Canevi

Independent Director at Kombassan Holding AS




Mustafa Ulvi Bezirci

Independent Director at Kombassan Holding AS





Ismail Pergon

Director at Kombassan Holding AS




Talha Arslan

Director at Kombassan Holding AS







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Kombassan Holding AS



                        Kombassan Holding AS                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Kombassan Holding AS






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Kombassan Holding AS.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Bera Turizm Insaat Seyahat Ticaret AS, Kombassan Holding AS purchase Yenipark Turizm Sanayi Ticaret AS                                                                       





 Key Stats and Financials as of 2016



Market Capitalization


$355M




Total Enterprise Value


$1.08B




Earnings Per Share


$-0.08




Revenue


$1.31B




Net Profit


$-12.5M




EBITDAMargin


6.79%




Total Debt


$751M




Total Equity


$1.24B




EBITDA


$89.1M




Enterprise Value Sales


0.82x




Enterprise Value EBITDAOperating


12.12x




TEVNet Income


-86.62x




Debt TEV


0.7x




Three Year Compounded Annual Growth Rate Of Revenue


7.77%




Five Year Compounded Annual Growth Rate Of Revenue


12.03%






See financial details and more using RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















	KOMBASSAN HOLDING - TurkishManufacturers.com































                    KOMBASSAN HOLDING
Contact Information

Adress: Yenişehir Mah. Dr. M. Hulusi Baybal Cd. No:12 
Selçuklu / Konya / TurkeyPhone:  +90 332 221 20 00 Fax: +90 332 236 43 40  
                
Company Profile

                    The Kombassan Group has become the leader in Anatolian investments with its extended share holders structure and a unique operational system of sharing the loss and profit. It brings small savings together and transforms them into investment and production.The Kombassan Group is active in a variety of sectors like paper and cardboard, machinery, oil, construction and building materials, marble, textiles, tourism and food; it determines its future strategy, target and vision in accord with such global trends as state of the art technology and competitiveness in the information age. Concepts and functions like quality, competitiveness, efficiency and exports are crucial to Kombassan.Powerful resources, a robust financial structure, we
                
Products

trade trading


Send Message  to Company




                                E-mail *







                                Country *



Please Select
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Baker Island
Bangladesh
Barbados
Bassas da India
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territories
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso (Upper Volta)
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Vere Islands
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros Islands
Congo, Democratic Republic of
Congo, Republic of the
Cook Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europa Island
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Fyro Macedonia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Glorioso Islands
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Howland Island
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Jan Mayen
Japan
Jarvis Island
Jersey
Johnston Atoll
Jordan
Juan de Nova Island
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kingman Reef
Kiribati
Korea, North
Korea, South
Kosova
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Man, Isle of
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro (Karadağ)
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Navassa Island
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Cyprus
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Other
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Palmyra Atoll
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paracel Islands
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion Island
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the Islands
Spain
Spratly Islands
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tromelin Island
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
USA
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (UK)
Virgin Islands (US)
Wake Island
Wallis and Futuna Islands 
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe (Rhodesia)






                                Subject *







                                Message *







                                Name:
                            






                                Surname:
                            





Phone:





Address:






                                City:
                            











 KOMBASSAN HOLDING







Your messsage has been sent successfuly!
Click to send other manufacturers




Tag Cloud

Turkish tradeTurkish tradingtrade Turkeytrading Turkey









Turkish Product Indexes:

0AÅBCDEÉFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ








About Us Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy
©Copyright 2017 Turkey Business Development Center















