




















 



 Interpace Diagnostics Launches New Product for Pancreatic Cancer Testing 
         










    










 













 











 



















Interpace Diagnostics Launches New Product for Pancreatic Cancer Testing
        																																						
              

          New Version of AccuCEA™ Called "Insights" Provides Physicians Access to 15,000 Patient Database
        











 News provided by
Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.  
Aug 24, 2016, 06:00 ET









 Share this article




























































PARSIPPANY, N.J., Aug. 24, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group (NASDAQ:   IDXG), a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risk of cancer by leveraging the latest technology in personalized medicine for better patient diagnosis and management, reported today that the Company has launched a new version of their AccuCEA™ product called "Insights" for Gastroenterologists who focus on diagnosing and treating pancreatic cancer.








The new AccuCEA Insights service provides physicians for whom the Company has already provided first line testing, with additional information on how those results compare to those of other patients in the Company's proprietary database of over 15,000 patients, thus reporting incremental and valuable information on the patient's potential molecular profile and overall risk for developing pancreatic cancer. When the report is delivered to the ordering physician, they have an opportunity to speak with one of the Company's expert molecular pathologists and discuss the potential benefits of conducting a full, molecular pathology review using PancraGen®, the Company's fully integrated product that considers all the results from first line testing, imaging, cytology, and molecular testing and stratifies the patient in one of 4 risk categories. 
Interpace Diagnostics, who has offered their AccuCEA product to customers for over 5 years, will continue to offer AccuCEA in addition to AccuCEA Insights. The primary benefit of the AccuCEA product vs. traditional carcinoembryonic antigen or CEA testing available from other labs is that AccuCEA is the only CEA assay that has been validated on small (200uL) amounts of cyst fluid. Interpace currently performs over 6,000 AccuCEA tests per year for their customers.  CEA is a blood fluid chemistry test that is commonly done as part of an initial screening performed on patients suspected of having pancreatic and other types of cancer.  This test, along with other common fluid chemistry tests like Amylase, may also be referred to as "first line testing". 
"The additional information provided via AccuCEA Insights provides physicians a more expansive view of their patient's status and enables them to make an informed decision regarding the most appropriate next steps," said Interpace President and CEO Jack Stover. "We believe customers who currently order first line testing services only will see the value in not only the incremental information provided via AccuCEA Insights but the full benefits of our fully integrated molecular product, PancraGEN."
About PancraGEN®
PancraGEN® is a pancreatic cyst molecular test that, by using a small sample of pancreatic cyst fluid, can aid in pancreatic cancer risk assessment. PancraGEN® is 90% accurate, according to clinical studies, enabling effective risk stratification of patients.  Pancreatic cancer is often difficult to diagnose in early stages and typically spreads rapidly with signs and symptoms appearing when the cancer is significantly advanced. Because of this, and that complete surgical removal of the pancreas is not possible, pancreatic cancer is considered a leading cause of cancer deaths.
About Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.
Interpace Diagnostics provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risk of cancer by leveraging the latest technology in personalized medicine for better patient diagnosis and management. The Company currently has three commercialized molecular tests: PancraGen® for the evaluation of pancreatic cysts and assessment of risk of concomitant or subsequent cancer;  ThyGenX®, for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a next generation sequencing assay; and ThyraMIR®, for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a proprietary gene expression assay. Interpace Diagnostics mission is to provide personalized medicine through molecular diagnostics and innovation to advance patient care based on rigorous science.
Forward Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, relating to our future financial and operating performance. The company has attempted to identify forward looking statements by terminology including "believes," "estimates," "anticipates," "expects," "plans," "projects," "intends," "potential," "may," "could," "might," "will," "should," "approximately" or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements.  These statements are based on current expectations, assumptions and uncertainties involving judgments about, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond company's control. These statements also involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause company's actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement. Known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, our ability to adequately finance the business, our ability to restructure our debt and other obligations, the market's acceptance of our molecular diagnostic tests, our ability to secure additional business and generate higher profit margins through sales of our molecular diagnostic tests, in-licensing or other means, projections of future revenues, growth, gross profit and anticipated internal rate of return on investments. Additionally, all forward-looking statements are subject to the risk factors detailed from time to time in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including without limitation, the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016, as amended on April 29, 2016 and June 14, 2016. Because of these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions, undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements. In addition, these statements speak only as of the date of this press release and, except as may be required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.
CONTACTS:
Interpace DiagnosticsInvestor Relations:Dave SchemeliaEVC Group, Inc.(646)201-5431dave@evcgroup.com
Doug SherkEVC Group, Inc.(646)445-4800dsherk@evcgroup.com
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/interpace-diagnostics-launches-new-product-for-pancreatic-cancer-testing-300317473.html
SOURCE  Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.interpacediagnostics.com



 












Oct 13, 2016, 08:00 ET
Preview: Interpace Diagnostics Launches New Services for Indeterminate Thyroid Nodules













Jul 06, 2016, 06:30 ET
Preview: Interpace Diagnostics Announces Long-Term Outcomes Data for Cohort of 492 Patients






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

May 24, 2017, 16:10 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Interpace Diagnostics Announces Launch of Enhancement to Thyroid...








 

May 15, 2017, 08:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Interpace Diagnostics Group Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
New Products & Services








 You just read:
Interpace Diagnostics Launches New Product for Pancreatic Cancer Testing


 News provided by
Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.  
Aug 24, 2016, 06:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 11:55 AM ET
Healthcare Providers and Services

Company Overview of Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. develops and commercializes molecular diagnostic tests to detect genetic and other molecular alterations associated with gastrointestinal and endocrine cancers. The company offers PancraGEN, a pancreatic cyst and pancreaticobiliary solid lesion molecular test that can aid in pancreatic cyst diagnosis and pancreatic cancer risk assessment utilizing its proprietary PathFinder platform; ThyGenX, which assesses thyroid nodules for risk of malignancy; and ThyraMIR, which assesses thyroid nodules for risk of malignancy utilizing a proprietary gene expression assay. Its customers consist primarily of physicians, hospitals, and clinics. The company was formerly know...
Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. develops and commercializes molecular diagnostic tests to detect genetic and other molecular alterations associated with gastrointestinal and endocrine cancers. The company offers PancraGEN, a pancreatic cyst and pancreaticobiliary solid lesion molecular test that can aid in pancreatic cyst diagnosis and pancreatic cancer risk assessment utilizing its proprietary PathFinder platform; ThyGenX, which assesses thyroid nodules for risk of malignancy; and ThyraMIR, which assesses thyroid nodules for risk of malignancy utilizing a proprietary gene expression assay. Its customers consist primarily of physicians, hospitals, and clinics. The company was formerly known as PDI, Inc. and changed its name to Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. in December 2015. Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. was incorporated in 1986 and is headquartered in Parsippany, New Jersey.
Detailed Description


Morris Corporate Center 1Building A300 Interpace ParkwayParsippany, NJ 07054United StatesFounded in 198661 Employees



Phone: 844-405-9655

www.interpacediagnostics.com







Key Executives for Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.




Mr. Jack E. Stover CPA


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 64
        

Total Annual Compensation: $424.2K








Mr. James E. Early


      	Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
      


Age: 63
        

Total Annual Compensation: $116.5K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. Key Developments

Interpace Diagnostics Group Receives Non-Compliance Notice From The Nasdaq
Jul 31 17
On July 31, 2017, Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. received written notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) notifying the Company that it is not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirements set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities to maintain a minimum bid price of $1.00 per share, and Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to meet the minimum bid price requirement exists if the deficiency continues for a period of thirty (30) consecutive business days. Based on the closing bid price of the Company’s common stock for the thirty (30) consecutive business days prior to the date of the Notification Letter, the Company no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement. The Notification Letter does not impact the Company’s listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market at this time. The Notification Letter states that the Company has 180 calendar days, or until January 29, 2018, to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). To regain compliance, the bid price of the Company’s common stock must have a closing bid price of at least $1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days. In the event that the Company does not regain compliance by January 29, 2018, the Company may be eligible for additional time to reach compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. The Company intends to monitor the closing bid price of its common stock and may, if appropriate, consider implementing available options to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement under the Nasdaq Listing Rules.


Interpace Diagnostics Announces Cigna Coverage of ThyGenX®
Jul 27 17
Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. announced that Cigna has agreed to cover Interpace’s ThyGenX® test for Cigna’s 15 million members nationwide, with coverage effective immediately. Cigna’s coverage combined with Aetna, United Healthcare, Medicare, and other payers brings the total number of covered lives for Interpace’s ThyGenX™ molecular test for indeterminate thyroid nodules to approximately 275 million patients nationwide. ThyGenX utilizes next-generation sequencing (NGS) to identify more than 100 genetic alterations associated with papillary and follicular thyroid carcinomas, the two most common forms of thyroid cancer. According to the American Cancer Society, thyroid cancer is the most rapidly increasing cancer in the U.S., tripling in the past three decades. Most physicians have traditionally recommended thyroid surgery where thyroid nodule biopsy results are indeterminate, not clearly benign or malignant following traditional cytopathology review; however, over 70% of these surgical outcomes are ultimately benign. Molecular testing using ThyGenX has been shown to reduce the rate of unnecessary surgeries in indeterminate cases.


Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc Signs New National Contract with Aetna for its Thygenx and Thyramir Molecular Tests for Indeterminate Thyroid Nodules
Jun 28 17
Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. announced that it has signed a new national contract with Aetna for its ThyGenX and ThyraMIR molecular tests for indeterminate thyroid nodules. The agreement covers many of Aetna's products, including commercial and Medicare Advantage plans. It does not include Medicaid, auto insurance, or workman's compensation products. The agreement goes into effect August 15, 2017. Aetna began covering ThyGenX in June 2015 and ThyraMIR in November 2016. The agreement is the company's first national provider contract with a national health plan and means that Interpace will now be part of Aetna's laboratory network for these services. The agreement with Aetna is another significant reimbursement milestone demonstrating its ability to convert its product coverage approvals with major insurance providers into successful contractual agreements.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @ Home Medical, Inc. United States @home approach, llc United States @Home Care United States 1011 E. Pecan Grove Road, LLC United States 1104 Welsh Road Operations LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc., please visit www.interpacediagnostics.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















interpace diagnostics group inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Health Care Facilities & Svcs
Sub-Industry: Health Care Services
Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. provides healthcare testing services. The Company offers tissue identity, molecular analysis, cytology testing, and specimen viability services. Interpace Diagnostics Group conducts its business in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

Morris Corporate Center 1
Building A, 300 Interpace Park
Parisppany, NJ 07054
United States


Phone:
1-844-405-9655


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.interpacediagnostics.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company










President/CEO
Company


Jack Stover
Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc








Board Members
Company


Joseph Keegan
Labcyte Inc


























From The Web












Press Releases




Interpace Diagnostics Launches Product Extension at World Conference on Thyroid Cancer

Aug 01, 2017



Interpace Diagnostics Announces Cigna Coverage of ThyGenX®

Jul 27, 2017



Moleculin Strengthens Board of Directors with Appointment of John M.  Climaco

Jul 27, 2017



Moleculin Strengthens Board of Directors with Appointment of John M.  Climaco

Jul 27, 2017



Interpace Diagnostics Joins the Fight Against Pancreatic Cancer at the Pittsburgh PurpleStride Event

Jul 13, 2017



Interpace Diagnostics Announces National Contract with Aetna

Jun 28, 2017



Interpace Diagnostics Announces Coverage of Thyroid Test By Premera Blue Cross

Jun 26, 2017



Interpace Diagnostics Announces Closing of $13.7 Million Public Offering

Jun 21, 2017






Key Executives


Jack E Stover


President/CEO




James Early


Interim CFO







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Christopher Tama - Former Executive Vice President & General Manager-Pharmaceutical Products at Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Christopher Tama
Former Executive Vice President & General Manager-Pharmaceutical Products at Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History 


Christopher Tama
Former Executive Vice President & General Manager-Pharmaceutical Products at Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.



 Overview



Age



58
                                  (Born 1959)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 639 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




John P. Dugan

Founder at Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.




Steven K. Budd

Former President at Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.





Charles T. Saldarini

Founder at The Charles T. Saldarini Group




Larry Ellberger

Founding Partner at Healthcare Ventures Associates, Inc.





Kevin Connolly

Former Executive Vice President & General Manager, Medical Education & Communication at Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.




Kerry Blake Skolkin

Former Secretary & Chief Legal Officer at Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.





Scott Stoogenke

Former Executive Director-Marketing at Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.




Jack E. Stover

President & Chief Executive Officer at Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.





Nancy McCarthy

Former Senior Director-Organization Development at Avaya, Inc.




Howard Drazner

President at Pharmakon LLC







See 629 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 629 More 


 


 Paths to Christopher Tama



            Christopher Tama          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Christopher Tama






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Christopher Tama.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Columbia University

                  Columbia University is one of the world's most important centers of research and at the same time a distinctive and distinguished learning environment for undergraduates and graduate students in many scholarly and professional fields. The University recognizes the importance of its location in New York City and seeks to link its research and teaching to the vast resources of a great metropolis. It seeks to attract a diverse and international faculty and student body, to support research and teaching on global issues, and to create academic relationships with many countries and regions. It expects all areas of the university to advance knowledge and learning at the highest level and to convey the products of its efforts to the world.                




 


Villanova University

                  Villanova University is a private university located in Radnor Township, a suburb northwest of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in the United States. Named for Saint Thomas of Villanova, the school is the oldest Catholic university in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

Founded in 1842 by the Order of Saint Augustine, the university traces its roots to old Saint Augustine's Church, Philadelphia, which the Augustinian friars founded in 1796, and to its parish school, Saint Augustine's Academy, which was established in 1811.                





 Career History



Executive Vice President & General Manager-Pharmaceutical Products

                                    2000 - 2005                


Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.


                  Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. provides commercialization services to biopharmaceutical companies. It focuses on developing and commercializing molecular diagnostic tests, leveraging the latest technology and personalized medicine for patient diagnosis and management. The company offers commercialized molecular tests which include PancraGen, ThyGenX, and ThyraMIR. PancraGen for the diagnosis and prognosis of pancreatic cancer from pancreatic cysts; ThyGenX, for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a next generation sequencing assay and ThyraMIR, for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a proprietary gene expression assay. The company was founded by John P. Dugan in 1987 and is headquartered in Parsippany, NJ.                




Vice President-CNS Therapeutic Area Franchise

                                    Prior                


Novartis Corporation


                  Novartis Corp. manufactures pharmaceuticals, vaccines, consumer health, generics, eye care and animal health products. It manufactures drugs for oncology, hypertension, diabetes, cancer and cardiovascular diseases. The company was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Vice President-Marketing

                                    Prior                


G.D. Searle & Co., Inc.


                  G.D. Searle & Company or just Searle was a company focusing on life sciences, specifically pharmaceuticals, agriculture, and animal health. Searle was founded in Omaha, Nebraska, in 1888. The founder was Gideon Daniel Searle. In 1908, the company was incorporated in Chicago. In 1941, the company established headquarters in Skokie, Illinois. It was acquired by the Monsanto Company in 1985. Pharmacia Corporation was created in April 2000 through the merger of Pharmacia & Upjohn (itself the result of the merger of Pharmacia and Upjohn) with the Monsanto Company and its G.D. Searle unit. Pfizer acquired Pharmacia in 2003 and retired the Searle name.                





 Other Affiliations




              Christopher Tama is affiliated with
                            Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc., Novartis Corporation, G.D. Searle & Co., Inc..
            




You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


















Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. - Relationship Science
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Owners & Shareholders Recent Transactions Transaction Advisors Advisors & Consultants Clients Financials Suppliers Competitors



Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


1987




Headquarters


Morris Corporate Center 1 Building A 300 Interpace Parkway Parsippany  Nj  07054




Type of Company



                                                                    Public
                                                            




Employees (Worldwide)


61




Industries


Pharmaceuticals

Medical Support Services




Company Description


Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. provides commercialization services to biopharmaceutical companies. It focuses on developing and commercializing molecular diagnostic tests, leveraging the latest technology and personalized medicine for patient diagnosis and management. The company offers commercialized molecular tests which include PancraGen, ThyGenX, and ThyraMIR. PancraGen for the diagnosis and prognosis of pancreatic cancer from pancreatic cysts; ThyGenX, for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a next generation sequencing assay and ThyraMIR, for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a proprietary gene expression assay. The company was founded by John P. Dugan in 1987 and is headquartered in Parsippany, NJ.




Website


http://www.interpacediagnostics.com/






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
August 3, 2017





                        Technical Snapshots for These Business Services Stocks -- Interpace Diagnostics, Genpact, TransUnion, and Vantiv                    





GlobeNewswire
August 1, 2017





                        Interpace Diagnostics Launches Product Extension at World Conference on Thyroid Cancer                    





GlobeNewswire
July 27, 2017





                        Interpace Diagnostics Announces Cigna Coverage of ThyGenXÂ®                    





PRWeb
July 24, 2017





                        CNA Finance Initiates Research Coverage On Interpace Diagnostics                    





Marketline Newswire
July 20, 2017





                        Predictive Discovery announces drilling update at Bobosso Project in Cote D'Ivoire                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Jack E. Stover

President & Chief Executive Officer




Jeffrey Edward Smith

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive Vice President





James E. Early

Chief Financial Officer




Syd Finkelstein

Chief Scientific Officer





Ron  Scalici

Chief Innovations Officer




Glenn Gershon

Senior Vice President of Operations





Gregory A. Richard

Senior Vice President, Commercial Services, Interpace Diagnostics LLC




Glen  Gershon

Senior Vice President-Operations





Sara A. Jackson

Vice President-Clinical Development






See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Stephen J. Sullivan

Founder at Cro Advisors LLC




Joseph D. Keegan

Chief Executive Officer at Pall ForteBio LLC





Jack E. Stover

President & Chief Executive Officer at Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.



                        Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Owners & Shareholders



 Details Hidden


Empery Asset Management LP

                                    Empery Asset Management manages an event-driven, special situations fund that invests in small- to mid-sized growth companies. They make direct investments in US publicly-traded companies without respect to industry, although some of the companies are based in China.                                




 Details Hidden


Empery Asset Management LP

                                    Empery Asset Management manages an event-driven, special situations fund that invests in small- to mid-sized growth companies. They make direct investments in US publicly-traded companies without respect to industry, although some of the companies are based in China.                                





 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. issued Common Stock                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. issued Common Stock                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Publicis Groupe SA, Publicis Healthcare Communications Group, Inc. purchase PDI, Inc. /Commercial Services Business from Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.                                                                      




 Details Hidden



                                    Haymarket Group Ltd., Haymarket Media, Inc. purchase Group DCA, Inc. from Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.                                                                      






See 9 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 9 More 


 


 Transaction Advisors



Companies ▾




Underwriter



Maxim Group LLC

                                        Advised on
                                        Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




Legal Advisor



Pepper Hamilton LLP

                                        Advised on
                                        Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




Auditor



PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

                                        Advised on
                                        Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




Lead Manager



William Blair & Company LLC

                                        Advised on
                                        Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




Escrow Agent



American Stock Transfer & Trust Co. LLC

                                        Advised on
                                        Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




People ▾




Executive Managing Director-Investment Banking



Clifford A. Teller

                                        Advised on
                                        Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




Corporate Officer



Kenneth S. Rose

                                        Advised on
                                        Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




Legal Advisor



Merrill M. Kraines

                                        Advised on
                                        Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




Legal Advisor



Rachael M. Bushey

                                        Advised on
                                        Publicis Groupe SA, Publicis Healthcare Communications Group, Inc. purchase PDI, Inc. /Commercial Services Business from Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.                                      




Legal Advisor



Steven J. Abrams

                                        Advised on
                                        Publicis Groupe SA, Publicis Healthcare Communications Group, Inc. purchase PDI, Inc. /Commercial Services Business from Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.                                      






See 15 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 15 More 






 Advisors & Consultants



People ▾




Advisor




Nat Krishnamurti


                                    Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at Hudson Technology                                




Legal Advisor




Israel David


                                    Partner at Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP                                




Real Estate Agent




Bradford Fenlon


                                    Executive Managing Director at Colliers International                                





 Clients



Companies ▾




Pfizer, Inc.


                                                                                     •  WASHINGTON, DC                                                                            

                                        Pfizer, Inc. is a research-based, global biopharmaceutical company, which engages in the manufacture of vaccines and injectable biologic medicines. It operates through the following business segments: Global Innovative Pharmaceutical, Global Vaccines, Oncology and Consumer Healthcare, and Global Established Pharmaceutical. The Global Innovative Pharmaceutical segment focuses on developing, registering and commercializing novel, value creating medicines that significantly improve patients lives. The Global Vaccines, Oncology and Consumer Healthcare segment engages in the development and commercialization of vaccines and products for oncology and consumer healthcare. The Global Established Pharmaceutical segment includes the brands that have lost market exclusivity and, generally, the mature, patent-protected products that are expected to lose exclusivity through 2015 in most major markets and, to a much smaller extent, generic pharmaceuticals. The company was founded by Charles Pfizer Sr. and Charles Erhart in 1849 and is headquartered in New York, NY.
                                    




VIVUS, Inc.


                                                                                     •  Mountain View, CA                                                                            

                                        VIVUS, Inc. operates as a biopharmaceutical company engages in the development and commercialization of novel therapeutic products. It offers the Qsymia for chronic weight management, as well as STENDRA and SPEDRA for erectile dysfunction. Its development also include Tacrolimus which is for the treatment of Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension. The company was founded by Virgil A. Place on April 16, 1991 and is headquartered in Mountain View, CA.
                                    





 Key Stats and Financials as of 2016



Market Capitalization


$7.98M




Total Enterprise Value


$15.3M




Earnings Per Share


$-5.32




Revenue


$13.1M




Net Profit


$-9.66M




Total Equity


$6.53M




Three Year Compounded Annual Growth Rate Of Revenue


-55.73%




Five Year Compounded Annual Growth Rate Of Revenue


-39.18%




EBITDA


$-10.7M




EBITDAMargin


-81.54%




Total Debt


$7.91M




Enterprise Value Sales


1.17x




TEVNet Income


-1.58x




Debt TEV


0.52x






See financial details and more using RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Suppliers



Veeva Systems, Inc.

                                     •  Other Business & Consulting Services                                                                             •  Pleasanton, CA                                                                    

                                    Veeva Systems, Inc. provides industry-specific, cloud-based software solutions for the life sciences industry. Its solutions enable pharmaceutical and other life sciences companies to realize the benefits of modern cloud-based architectures and mobile applications for their most critical business functions, without compromising industry-specific functionality or regulatory compliance. The company's customer relationship management solutions enable its customers to increase the productivity and compliance of their sales and marketing functions. Its regulated content management and collaboration solutions enable its customers to more efficiently manage a regulated, content-centric processes across the enterprise. The company's customer master solution enables customers to more effectively manage complex healthcare provider and healthcare organization data. Veeva Systems was founded by Mark Armenante, Peter P. Gassner, Doug Ostler, Mitch Wallace and Matthew J. Wallach on January 12, 2007 and is headquartered in Pleasanton, CA.
                                




Cancer Prevention & Research Institute of Texas

                                     •  Hospitals & Patient Services                                                                              •  Austin, TX                                                                    

                                    Cancer Prevention & Research Institute of Texas provides cancer research and prevention programs and services. It is the state agency mandated to create and expedite innovation in the area of cancer research and in enhancing the potential for a medical or scientific breakthrough in the prevention of cancer and cures for cancer. The company was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Austin, TX.
                                





 Competitors



Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc.

                                     •  Commercial Scientific Research                                                                             •  Wilmington, DE                                                                    

                                    Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc. is a biotechnology company, which engages in healthcare development in the provision of professional services, information technology, and partnering solutions to the pharmaceutical services and healthcare industries. The company was founded by Dennis Gillings and Gary Koch in 1982 and is headquartered in Durham, NC.                                




Quest Diagnostics, Inc.

                                     •  Medical Support Services                                                                             •  Madison, NJ                                                                    

                                    Quest Diagnostics, Inc. is engaged in providing diagnostic testing, information and services that help patients, physicians and others to make better healthcare decisions. The company operates through two segments: Diagnostic Information Services and Diagnostic Solutions. The Diagnostic Information Services segment comprised of two parts develops and delivers diagnostic testing, information and services to patients, physicians, health plans, hospitals, ACOs, IDNs, employers and others. It provides diagnostic information services, which includes clinical testing services such as routine testing, gene-based and esoteric testing, anatomic pathology services, as well as related services and insights. The Diagnostic Solutions includes other businesses such as risk assessment services, clinical trials testing, diagnostic products and healthcare information technology. Quest Diagnostics was founded on December 31, 1996 and is headquartered in Madison, NJ.                                




Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings

                                     •  Medical Support Services                                                                             •  Burlington, NC                                                                    

                                    LabCorp provides leading-edge medical laboratory tests and services through a national network of primary clinical laboratories and specialized Centers of Excellence.

Recognized for our innovation, quality, and customer convenience, LabCorp delivers timely, accurate results for improved patient care.

With scientific expertise in esoteric testing, genomics, and clinical and anatomic pathology, LabCorp performs more than 1 million tests on more than 370,000 specimens each day. LabCorp is a pioneer in applying advances in medicine and science to laboratory testing, with more than 35 years of experience in serving physicians and their patients.

LabCorp operates a sophisticated laboratory network, with corporate headquarters in Burlington, NC, and more than 30,000 employees nationwide. Our 220,000 clients include physician offices, hospitals, managed care organizations, and biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under ticker symbol LH                                




Publicis Groupe SA

                                     •  Advertising & Marketing                                                                             •  Paris, IF                                                                    

                                    Publicis Groupe SA engages in the advertising industry. Its services include customer relationship management, direct marketing, sales promotion, events management, public relations, corporate, multicultural, and financial communications. The company was founded by Marcel Bleustein-Blanchet in 1926 and is headquartered in Paris, France.                                




Veracyte, Inc.

                                     •  Pharmaceuticals                                                                             •  South San Francisco, CA                                                                    

                                    Veracyte, Inc. engages in the research, development, and commercialization of diagnostic products. Its portfolio includes Afirma, Percepta, and Envisia. It intends to treat thyroid cancer, improve lung cancer screening, and clarify the diagnosis of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. The company was founded by Bonnie H. Anderson and Y. Douglas Dolginow on August 15, 2006 and is headquartered in South San Francisco, CA.                                






See 2 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2 More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤



















About Us - Interpace Diagnostics



















































































Home
ThyGenX® + ThyraMIR™ 

Overview
Thyroid Cancer
The Report
Evidence
How to Order
Billing
FAQs
Patients & Caregivers


PancraGEN™ 

Overview
Power of PancraGEN
Pancreatic Cyst Dilemma
How it Works
Clinical Utility
Case Studies
Getting Started
Publications
Billing
Information for Patients


Our Labs
About Us
Investors
Contact Us
Physician Login
 






















 







Loading...







About Us 














About Usadmin2016-12-17T10:08:57+00:00 
The Interpace Diagnostics MISSION
To improve patient care through personalized medicine and molecular diagnostic tests supported by rigorous science
Our Management Team
Jack Stover, President and CEOMr. Stover has been Chief Executive Officer of Zebec Therapeutics LLC (“Zebec”) since April 2014.  Zebec is the successor to Quadrant Pharmaceuticals LLC, which Mr. Stover co-founded and was President and Director of from September 2013.  Mr. Stover has been a Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of PDI, Inc., a public company since 2005. From 2009 to February 2012, Mr. Stover served as the executive chairman of Targeted Nano Therapeutics LLC, a privately held biotechnology company focused on targeted delivery of peptides and proteins.  Mr. Stover was also chairman of the audit committee and a member of the board of directors of Arbios Systems Inc. from 2005 to 2008 and a member of the board of directors of Influmedix, Inc. from 2010 to 2011.
From 2004 to 2008, he served as chief executive officer, president and director of Antares Pharma, Inc., a publicly held specialty pharmaceutical company listed on the American Stock Exchange.  Prior to that, Mr. Stover was executive vice president and chief financial officer of Sicor, Inc., a publicly held company which manufactured and marketed injectable pharmaceutical products, and which was acquired by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries.  Prior to that, Mr. Stover was executive vice president and director of a proprietary women’s pharmaceutical company, Gynetics, Inc. (“Gynetics”), and before Gynetics, he was senior vice president and director of B. Braun Medical, Inc., a private global medical device and pharmaceutical company.  For more than five years prior to that, Mr. Stover was a partner with PricewaterhouseCoopers (then Coopers and Lybrand), working in the lifesciences industry division.  Mr. Stover received his B.A. in Accounting from Lehigh University and is a Certified Public Accountant.
Greg Richard, SVP Commercial Services Greg Richard, Sr. Vice President of PDI, Inc. and SVP of Commercial Services at Interpace Diagnostics, has been in the healthcare business for over 25 years in various industries including managed care, biotech pharmaceuticals, CRO services, and diagnostics. He started his career in sales at Aetna and moved to Genentech as the Director of Managed Care. He transitioned in to the diagnostics industry as the Vice President of Managed Care for Quest Diagnostics and served in this role for 8 years. Greg also led the international clinical trials sales team while at Quest. Following his tenure at Quest, Greg worked for several privately held companies including CRO’s, molecular diagnostics, and anatomic pathology services providers. He also served as the Sr. Vice President of Sales for the Northeast Division of LabCorp. Greg is a certified Six Sigma Green Belt and frequent speaker at healthcare industry conferences such as the G2 Lab Institute and the NextGen Dx Summit.
Syd Finkelstein, Chief Scientific Officer Dr. Finkelstein is a board certified pathologist specializing in gastrointestinal pathology with extensive experience in molecular diagnostics. He is the Adjunct Professor of Pathology, Drexel University on the faculty of Allegheny General Hospital, Pittsburgh, PA. He is the founder of RedPath Integrated Pathology, which was acquired by Interpace Diagnostics in 2014.

Sara A. Jackson, VP of Clinical Development Dr. Jackson has 15 years of experience in biomedical research and development. She has been an integral part of both the research and development and medical affairs teams for a variety of pharmaceutical and diagnostics companies, translating biomedical research into viable commercial products. Under Dr. Jackson’s leadership, the clinical development team has conducted various clinical validity and utility studies to support the use of PathFinderTG assays in clinical practice. Their efforts continue to bring new assays to market. Dr. Jackson earned a PhD in biochemistry and molecular genetics from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine and completed her postdoctoral research fellowship with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. She has co-authored numerous publications and presented at various national and international scientific conferences.

Glenn Gershon, SVP of Operations Glenn has nearly 30 years of biotechnology industry experience. He has worked for a wide range of companies in roles of increasing responsibility. These roles have included leadership and functional expertise in Quality Assurance, Regulatory Affairs, Customer Service, R&D, Product Development, and Laboratory Operations.

Christina M. Narick, MD, VP of Pathology As the Vice President of Pathology for Interpace Diagnostics, Dr. Narick provides interpretation and diagnosis of both cytology and molecular cases in Interpace Diagnostics’ state-of-the-art, CLIA-certified, and CAP-accredited laboratory. Dr. Narick is a board-certified anatomic and clinical pathologist and completed her fellowship in cytopathology at Allegheny General Hospital under the direction of Dr. Jan Silverman, a leading authority in cytopathology. Dr. Narick earned her medical and undergraduate degrees from West Virginia University and an MBA from Portland State University. Prior to entering the medical field, Dr. Narick worked in process engineering, quality systems, and operations management in the manufacturing arena.

×We'd Love To Hear From You!



Fill out the form and our team will be in touch with you promptly. Thank you for your interest!
12345 North West Street
New York City, NY 555555
555.555.5555
info@yourdomain.com
www.yourdomain.com


[contact-form-7 id=”11449″ title=”Contact form 1″]
Close



 
 
  
 
 
 
















Interpace Diagnostics Molecular Diagnostics


























































































Home
ThyGenX® + ThyraMIR™ 

Overview
Thyroid Cancer
The Report
Evidence
How to Order
Billing
FAQs
Patients & Caregivers


PancraGEN™ 

Overview
Power of PancraGEN
Pancreatic Cyst Dilemma
How it Works
Clinical Utility
Case Studies
Getting Started
Publications
Billing
Information for Patients


Our Labs
About Us
Investors
Contact Us
Physician Login
 






















 








 





Guiding Treatment.
Delivering Innovation. 
		


 



 




Homeadmin2016-04-05T12:33:30+00:00 
Advancing patient care through molecular diagnostic testing
Interpace Diagnostics develops molecular diagnostic tests. You can be assured that all of the molecular tests we offer are driven by rigorous, validated science.
We power the future of molecular diagnostics, delivering cutting-edge and much-needed mutational analysis that helps risk-stratify for thyroid, pancreatic, and other cancers to better inform treatment decisions. The unique molecular diagnostic tests we offer enable healthcare providers to avoid unnecessary surgeries and better assess the risk of cancer progression in their patients.
Our molecular diagnostic tests provide unparalleled accuracy and clarity to improve outcomes in patients facing a cancer diagnosis.Interpace Diagnostics Molecular Tests
Thyroid
ThyGenX® Thyroid Oncogene Panel and ThyraMIR™ Thyroid miRNA Classifier molecular testing that aids in the diagnosis of thyroid nodules by identifying genetic alterations associated with thyroid cancer
I am a physicianI am a patientPancreas
PancraGEN™ is a unique, DNA-based, integrated molecular pathology test that assesses the risk of cancer in pancreatic cysts, helping you to optimally manage each individual patient.
I am a physicianI am a patientIn the Pipeline: Looking Toward the Future of Molecular Diagnostics
We constantly explore areas for the future, invest in research and partnerships, seek opportunities to expand our molecular diagnostics capabilities and serve additional unmet needs in molecular diagnostic testing.
Barrett’s EsophagusMolecular diagnostic test to determine the risk of progressing to esophageal cancer in patients with Barrett’s Esophagus

Pancreatobiliary CancerLate-stage development of a test to assess pancreatobiliary cancer risk by testing tissue taken from biliary stricture brushings
Announcements
Interpace Diagnostics Launches Product Extension at World Conference on Thyroid CancerExpansion of ThyGenX(R) Panel Provides Additional Molecular Insights BOSTON, Aug 01, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. IDXG, -3.87% ("Interpace" or the "Company"), a fully integrated commercial company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic [...]

Interpace Diagnostics Announces Cigna Coverage of ThyGenX(R)Molecular Test Now Covered for Indeterminate Thyroid Nodules PARSIPPANY, N.J., Jul 27, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. IDXG, +9.18% ("Interpace" or "the Company"), a fully integrated commercial company that provides [...]

Interpace Diagnostics Joins the Fight Against Pancreatic Cancer at the Pittsburgh PurpleStride EventThe Pancreatic Cancer Action Network's PurpleStride Events Raise Funds and Awareness for the Deadliest Major Cancer PARSIPPANY, N.J., Jul 13, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- Interpace Diagnostics IDXG, +0.12% has joined the Pancreatic Cancer [...]
View AllUpdates




 


Interpace Diagnostics: Developing Advanced Molecular Diagnostic Tests for CancerInterpace Diagnostics: Developing Advanced Molecular Diagnostic Tests for Cancer  […]






 


Managing Patients With Pancreatic Cystic LesionsDavid Loren, MD, Thomas Jefferson University, shares data on the molecular test, PancraGen, which helps identify false negative cases that could be missed by first-line tests like imaging, cytology and fluid chemistry.  […]





 
 
  
 
 
 










Interpace Diagnostics Launches Product Extension at World Conference on Thyroid CancerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 4 hrs 5 minsS&P 5002,472.48-5.09 (-0.21%)Dow 3022,020.47+4.23 (+0.02%)Nasdaq6,345.92-16.72 (-0.26%)Stocks to WatchFitbit gets back in shape, Avon CEO to step down, Wyndham to split businessInterpace Diagnostics Launches Product Extension at World Conference on Thyroid CancerGlobeNewswire•August 1, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareBOSTON, Aug. 01, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. (IDXG) (“Interpace” or the “Company”), a fully integrated commercial company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services, announced the formal launch of the TERT marker of aggressiveness in indeterminate thyroid nodules at the Third World Congress on Thyroid Cancer being held in Boston, MA through Saturday, July 29th.   Over 1200 domestic and international delegates gathered during the meeting.  Along with launching TERT, the Company served as a major sponsor of the event in support of the meeting’s objective to educate physicians and others about diagnosing and treating thyroid cancer.   The TERT marker is a strong molecular predictor of the aggressiveness of thyroid cancer and adds additional insights into a patient’s molecular profile.  Currently, the ThyGenX™ mutation panel includes the following markers that are predictive of thyroid cancer from cytologically indeterminate thyroid nodules: BRAF, HRAS, KRAS, NRAS, RET/PTC, PAX8/PPARy, and PIK3CA.  By adding TERT, the panel will not only continue to be a strong positive predictor of thyroid cancer, but will also provide evidence that a positive result indicates the cancer is likely to be more aggressive in nature. Published data indicates that TERT mutations can extend the life span of tumor cells and allow time for other mutations to develop. Mutations in the TERT promoter region are found in thyroid cancers and seem to act synergistically when they occur with the BRAF V600 mutation.  The coexistence of mutations in TERT and BRAF genes has been shown to dramatically increase the risk of thyroid cancer aggressiveness, tumor recurrence and thyroid cancer-specific deaths. Physicians are now able to order TERT as part of the ThyGenX mutation panel or on an individual basis. The ThyGenX /ThyraMIR® test is the only test in the market that combines the rule-in properties of Next Generation Sequencing of a patient's DNA and RNA, and the rule-out capabilities of a micro-RNA classifier.  Based on current performance, over 80% of the Company’s total cases are reflexed to ThyraMIR for additional assessment.  The Company first launched ThyGenX in October 2014 and ThyraMIR on April 15th, 2015, making both tests available to Endocrinologists and Pathologists throughout the country.  Since then, the Company has conducted over 15,000 ThyGenX/ThyraMIR tests for nearly 400 physicians and hospitals nationwide. According to the American Cancer Society, thyroid cancer is the most rapidly increasing cancer in the US, tripling in the past three decades. Most physicians have traditionally recommended thyroid surgery where thyroid nodule biopsy results are indeterminate, not clearly benign or malignant following traditional cytopathology review, however 70-80% of these surgical outcomes are ultimately benign.  Molecular testing using ThyGenX /ThyraMIR has been shown to reduce the rate of unnecessary surgeries in indeterminate cases.Jack E. Stover, President and CEO of Interpace, stated, “We are pleased to officially launch the TERT product extension at the World Congress on Thyroid Cancer. This is the appropriate setting and audience for bringing this important service to the market.”  About Thyroid Nodules, ThyGenX and ThyraMIR testing According to the American Thyroid Association, approximately 15% to 30% of the 525,000 thyroid fine needle aspirations (FNAs) performed on an annual basis in the U.S. are indeterminate for malignancy based on standard cytological evaluation, and thus are candidates for ThyGenX and ThyraMIR.ThyGenX and ThyraMIR reflex testing yields high predictive value in determining the presence and absence of cancer in thyroid nodules.  The combination of both tests can improve risk stratification and surgical decision-making when standard cytopathology does not provide a clear diagnosis for the presence of cancer.ThyGenX utilizes state-of-the-art next-generation sequencing (NGS) to identify more than 100 genetic alterations associated with papillary and follicular thyroid carcinomas, the two most common forms of thyroid cancer. ThyraMIR is the first microRNA gene expression classifier.  MicroRNAs are small, non-coding RNAs that bind to messenger RNA and regulate expression of genes involved in human cancers, including every subtype of thyroid cancer. ThyraMIR measures the expression of 10 microRNAs.  Both ThyGenX and ThyraMIR are covered by both Medicare and Commercial insurers. Read More About Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. Interpace Diagnostics is a fully integrated commercial company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risk of cancer by leveraging the latest technology in personalized medicine for better patient diagnosis and management. The Company currently has three commercialized molecular tests; PancraGen for the diagnosis and prognosis of pancreatic cancer from pancreatic cysts; ThyGenX, for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a next generation sequencing assay and ThyraMIR, for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a proprietary gene expression assay. Interpace Diagnostics' mission is to provide personalized medicine through molecular diagnostics and innovation to advance patient care based on rigorous science.Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, relating to our future financial and operating performance. The company has attempted to identify forward looking statements by terminology including "believes," "estimates," "anticipates," "expects," "plans," "projects," "intends," "potential," "may," "could," "might," "will," "should," "approximately" or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements.  These statements are based on current expectations, assumptions and uncertainties involving judgments about, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the Company’s control. These statements also involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company’s actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement. Known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, our ability to adequately finance the business, our ability to restructure our liabilities and other obligations, the market's acceptance of our molecular diagnostic tests; our ability to retain or secure reimbursement, our ability to secure additional business and generate higher profit margins through sales of our molecular diagnostic tests, in-licensing or other means, projections of future revenues, growth, gross profit and anticipated internal rate of return on investments and our ability to maintain our NASDAQ listing. Additionally, all forward-looking statements are subject to the risk factors detailed from time to time in the Company’s periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including without limitation, the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2017 and the amendment on Form 10-K/A filed on April 28, 2017, the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 filed with the SEC on May 12, 2017, and the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (333-218140) initially filed with the SEC on May 22, 2017. Because of these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions, undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements. In addition, these statements speak only as of the date of this press release and, except as may be required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextMark Zuckerberg’s New Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Class Is About to Be TestedInvestorPlaceStart Living The Millionaire LifestyleTorOptionSponsored3 Reasons Etsy Inc (ETSY) Stock Could Be a Comeback KidInvestorPlaceWhat's in Store for Arena (ARNA) this Earnings Season?ZacksQuiz: Which Company Makes Your Favorite Junk Food?The StreetHow to Get Paid $356 Everyday Without a Job!BinaryUnoSponsoredWhat Biotech CEOs (and Their Funders) Learned From TheranosWired NewsTrump told Mexico's president in contentious call to stop publicly saying the country won't pay for the border wallBusiness InsiderElon Musk says people are canceling Tesla Model 3 orders because it's like a '1.5 hour wait for hamburgers' at a restaurantBusiness Insider63,000 people have canceled their Tesla Model 3 ordersBusiness InsiderTesla shares in the fast laneYahoo Finance VideoUnder Armour's business will get worse before it gets betterYahoo Finance'Don't put that guy in front of the cameras again': Fox News host unloads on Stephen Miller after altercation with CNN reporterBusiness Insider'That doesn't just happen!': Trump continues to boast about the stock marketYahoo FinanceFitbit gets back in shape, Avon CEO to step down, Wyndham to split businessYahoo FinanceMen and women differ on picking up the tabYahoo Finance VideoTrump says he wants immigrants 'who speak English' and won't 'collect welfare'james: Wow. We have a president who actually puts American citizens ahead of unskilled immigrants that want to flood our country for their free stuff that Democrats are only too happy to hand out for their vote of courseJoin the Conversation1 / 53k








Interpace Diagnostics to Present New Data on Thyroid Product PerformanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 4 hrs 5 minsS&P 5002,472.48-5.09 (-0.21%)Dow 3022,019.92+3.68 (+0.02%)Nasdaq6,345.99-16.65 (-0.26%)Stocks to WatchFitbit gets back in shape, Avon CEO to step down, Wyndham to split businessInterpace Diagnostics to Present New Data on Thyroid Product PerformancePR NewswireFebruary 27, 2017ReblogShareTweetSharePARSIPPANY, N.J., Feb. 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. (IDXG), a fully integrated commercial company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services, announced today the acceptance of four posters to be presented at the upcoming United States and Canadian Academy of Pathology (USCAP) meeting being held March 4-10, 2017 in San Antonio, Texas.The posters reflect a review of data from the Company's extensive experience in molecular thyroid testing, including experience with over 5000 analyses of indeterminate thyroid nodules using its combined mutational (ThyGenX®) and microRNA classifier (ThyraMIR®) testing format. Fundamental insights into the mechanism of thyroid cancer development and progression are reported as well as a comprehensive statistical analysis of the mutational and microRNA profiling features representing the largest integrated analysis of DNA and RNA alterations in existence for commercially available molecular products in the area of thyroid cancer.The United States and Canadian Academy of Pathology (USCAP) has been the most prestigious provider of continuing medical education (CME) for pathologists globally for more than a century, superbly integrating CME into the process for improving professional practice and patient outcomes by reducing the gap between evidence-based practices and adoption of those practices into clinical care.  The organization boasts a membership of 10,000 Pathologists and other practitioners committed to this goal. The accepted posters that will be presented at the conference are entitled "The Role of miRNA Expression Analysis in Needle Aspirate Cytology of Indeterminate Thyroid Nodules", "Clinical and Biological Significance of Common Mutational Genotypes of Thyroid Follicular Neoplasia", "Biological Aggressiveness of Thyroid Neoplasia Depends on the Strength of the Genetic Mutation and Associated Cellular Interaction", and "MicroRNA Profiling Complements Microscopic/Mutational Analysis by Defining Alternative Pathways of Carcinogenesis." According to Jack Stover, President & CEO of Interpace, "We are pleased that this work has been accepted for presentation at the upcoming USCAP meeting. The acceptance of these four posters by this prestigious international organization reflects the strength of our ongoing commitment to demonstrate the exceptional clinical utility of our tests globally."About Thyroid Nodules, ThyGenX and ThyraMIR testingAccording to the American Thyroid Association, approximately 15% to 30% of the 525,000 thyroid fine needle aspirations (FNAs) performed on an annual basis in the U.S. are indeterminate for malignancy based on standard cytological evaluation, and thus are candidates for ThyGenX® and ThyraMIR®.ThyGenX and ThyraMIR reflex testing yields high predictive value in determining the presence and absence of cancer in thyroid nodules.  The combination of both tests can improve risk stratification and surgical decision-making when standard cytopathology does not provide a clear diagnosis for the presence of cancer.ThyGenX utilizes state-of-the-art next-generation sequencing (NGS) to identify more than 100 genetic alterations associated with papillary and follicular thyroid carcinomas, the two most common forms of thyroid cancer. ThyraMIR is the first microRNA gene expression classifier.  MicroRNAs are small, non-coding RNAs that bind to messenger RNA and regulate expression of genes involved in human cancers, including every subtype of thyroid cancer. ThyraMIR measures the expression of 10 microRNAs.  Both ThyGenX and ThyraMIR are covered by both Medicare and Commercial insurers. About Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.Interpace is a fully integrated commercial company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risk of cancer by leveraging the latest technology in personalized medicine for better patient diagnosis and management. The Company currently has three commercialized molecular tests: PancraGEN®, for the evaluation of pancreatic cysts and assessment of risk of concomitant or subsequent cancer; ThyGenX®, for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a next generation sequencing assay; and ThyraMIR®, for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a proprietary gene expression assay. Interpace's mission is to provide personalized medicine through molecular diagnostics and innovation to advance patient care based on rigorous science. For more information, please visit Interpace Diagnostics' website at www.interpacediagnostics.comRead MoreInterpace Diagnostics is a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risk of cancer by leveraging the latest technology in personalized medicine for better patient diagnosis and management. The Company currently has three commercialized molecular tests; PancraGen® for the diagnosis and prognosis of pancreatic cancer from pancreatic cysts; ThyGenX, for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a next generation sequencing assay and ThyraMIR, for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a proprietary gene expression assay. Interpace Diagnostics' mission is to provide personalized medicine through molecular diagnostics and innovation to advance patient care based on rigorous science.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, relating to the Company's future financial and operating performance. The Company has attempted to identify forward looking statements by terminology including "believes," "estimates," "anticipates," "expects," "plans," "projects," "intends," "potential," "may," "could," "might," "will," "should," "approximately" or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, assumptions and uncertainties involving judgments about, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the Company's control. These statements also involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company's actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement. Known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to adequately finance the business, its ability to restructure its debt and other obligations, the market's acceptance of its molecular diagnostic tests, its ability to secure additional business and generate higher profit margins through sales of its molecular diagnostic tests, in-licensing or other means, projections of future revenues, growth, gross profit and anticipated internal rate of return on investments and our ability to maintain our NASDAQ listing. Additionally, all forward-looking statements are subject to the risk factors detailed from time to time in the Company's filings with the SEC, including without limitation, the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016, as amended on April 29, 2016 and June 14, 2016, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 17, 2016, and the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus related to the offering that was filed with the SEC. Because of these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions, undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements. In addition, these statements speak only as of the date of this press release and, except as may be required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.CONTACTS:Interpace Diagnostics Investor Relations:Paul Kuntz RedChip Paul@Redchip.comTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/interpace-diagnostics-to-present-new-data-on-thyroid-product-performance-300413835.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextMark Zuckerberg’s New Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Class Is About to Be TestedInvestorPlaceStart Living The Millionaire LifestyleTorOptionSponsored3 Reasons Etsy Inc (ETSY) Stock Could Be a Comeback KidInvestorPlaceWhat's in Store for Arena (ARNA) this Earnings Season?ZacksQuiz: Which Company Makes Your Favorite Junk Food?The StreetHow to Get Paid $356 Everyday Without a Job!BinaryUnoSponsoredWhat Biotech CEOs (and Their Funders) Learned From TheranosWired NewsTrump told Mexico's president in contentious call to stop publicly saying the country won't pay for the border wallBusiness InsiderElon Musk says people are canceling Tesla Model 3 orders because it's like a '1.5 hour wait for hamburgers' at a restaurantBusiness Insider63,000 people have canceled their Tesla Model 3 ordersBusiness InsiderTesla shares in the fast laneYahoo Finance VideoUnder Armour's business will get worse before it gets betterYahoo Finance'Don't put that guy in front of the cameras again': Fox News host unloads on Stephen Miller after altercation with CNN reporterBusiness Insider'That doesn't just happen!': Trump continues to boast about the stock marketYahoo FinanceFitbit gets back in shape, Avon CEO to step down, Wyndham to split businessYahoo FinanceMen and women differ on picking up the tabYahoo Finance VideoTrump says he wants immigrants 'who speak English' and won't 'collect welfare'james: Wow. We have a president who actually puts American citizens ahead of unskilled immigrants that want to flood our country for their free stuff that Democrats are only too happy to hand out for their vote of courseJoin the Conversation1 / 53k








