

Lightbridge : Home




















 
 Home 





Company & Leadership

Company
Board of Directors
Senior Advisors
Management Team
Nuclear Utility Fuel Advisory Board 




Fuel Technology

Fuel Product Families
Metallic Fuel Technology
Thorium-based Seed and Blanket Fuel
Market Assessment
Patent Portfolio




Advisory Services

Capabilities
Personnel
Clients and Services




News & Events

Press Releases
In the News
Technical Articles
Events & Presentations




Investor Relations

Press Releases
In The News
Events & Presentations
FAQs
Contact Us
Corporate Governance
Financials & Filings
Stock Information




Contact Us

Careers











Recent Press Releases
7/31/2017
Lightbridge Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Earnings & Business Update Conference Call
7/19/2017
Lightbridge Receives Notice of Allowance on Key Patent for its Metallic Nuclear Fuel in South Korea

Please visit our Investor Relations site for all news.
View all

Lightbridge Presentation
Download PDF

What Lightbridge Does
Learn about how Lightbridge's innovative metallic fuel can deliver more power from nuclear plants to help meet our energy and climate goals.
Watch video


Lightbridge is developing and commercializing next generation nuclear fuel technology that will significantly improve the economics and safety of existing and new reactors, with a meaningful impact on preventing climate change. The company also provides nuclear energy consulting services to commercial and governmental entities worldwide.
Vision Statement:
Lightbridge will be a global leader in the deployment of safe, transparent and commercially viable non-proliferative civil nuclear generation programs.
Mission Statement:
To achieve our vision:

We will be a world leader in the commercialization of advanced fuel designs for existing and future civil power reactors.
We will provide world-class strategic advisory services to governments and utilities seeking to develop non-proliferative civil nuclear power programs.




Lightbridge full-size PWR fuel assembly mock-up.










Cheap Louis Vuitton
UGGs Outlet
Louis Vuitton Online


 




Fuel Technology
View the latest updates to the fuel technology section of our website.

Learn more
Advisory Services
Powerful expertise and actionable insights.
Learn more
E-mail Alerts
Automatically receive Lightbridge financial information
Register now




 A proud member of: World Nuclear Association, Nuclear Energy Institute and CASEnergy Coalition   |   
© 2009 Lightbridge   











Lightbridge : Contact Us




















 
Home





Company & Leadership

Company
Board of Directors
Senior Advisors
Management Team
Nuclear Utility Fuel Advisory Board 




Fuel Technology

Fuel Product Families
Metallic Fuel Technology
Thorium-based Seed and Blanket Fuel
Market Assessment
Patent Portfolio




Advisory Services

Capabilities
Personnel
Clients and Services




News & Events

Press Releases
In the News
Technical Articles
Events & Presentations




Investor Relations

Press Releases
In The News
Events & Presentations
FAQs
Contact Us
Corporate Governance
Financials & Filings
Stock Information




 Contact Us 

Careers








  Contact Us




Lightbridge Corporation
11710 Plaza America Drive
Suite 2000
Reston, VA 20190
Investor Relations: 1.855.379.9900
Main: 1.571.730.1200
Fax: 1.571.730.1260
ir@ltbridge.com




We are always happy to hear from you in writing, by telephone or email. Please contact us at the following address to provide feedback and/or request more information about our company, products, and services:


Email address 
  Subject 
  Message 
  
 




Please make all inquires via email:
ir@ltbridge.com





 A proud member of: World Nuclear Association, Nuclear Energy Institute and CASEnergy Coalition   |   
© 2009 Lightbridge   











Business Services Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Business & Finance

Business Services

Business Services Company Reports








Business Services Company Research Reports


The business services industry encompasses specialized companies providing various types of business-related services to other firms. Business services can be classified into such types as accounting, marketing, security, advertising, internal audit, consulting, risk management, recruitment, finance, transportation, etc. 
The business services market is highly fragmented, so there are no noticeably dominant players able to control the industry. EA Consulting Asia Pacific, Sutherland Global Service, HTC Global Services, McKinsey, BCG are amid the most renowned players of the worldwide market. 
The catalogue “Business Services Company Reports” contains a raft of research studies devoted to players of the business services market. The reports offer in-depth examinations of the competitive landscape, present SWOT analyses, and review their performances.  The researches also contain valuable data on the companies’ owners, senior management, locations, subsidiaries, markets, product portfolios and history. The reports not only offer companies’ profiles, but also cover their business activities. Valuable data on M&As, new product launches and company news digest are available in the research studies, too.





All Regions
Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                    --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Japan
                                                                                --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Malaysia
                                                                                                                                                        --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                        --Pakistan
                                                                                                                    --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                        --Sri Lanka
                                                                                                                                                        --Taiwan
                                                                                --Thailand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Business Services Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Business Strategies Group
                        datamining
                        GlobalData
                        Timetric
                    



                            Found
                                 2950 publications                    



Zippi Networks, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zippi Networks, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhongyuan Environment-Protection Co Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhongyuan Environment-Protection Co Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhonghui Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhonghui Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Guangbo Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Guangbo Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zamage Digital Art Imaging, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zamage Digital Art Imaging, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yusen Logistics Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yusen Logistics Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yuasa Funashoku Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yuasa Funashoku Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Young Jin Infra CO., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Young Jin Infra CO., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YouGov PLC - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YouGov PLC - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YouChange Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YouChange Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yokohama Maruuo Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yokohama Maruuo Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yokohama Gyorui Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yokohama Gyorui Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yem Chio Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yem Chio Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yangjisa Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yangjisa Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamada Servicer Synthetic Office Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamada Servicer Synthetic Office Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Y-Entec Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Y-Entec Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xpress Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xpress Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xinyinhai Technology, Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xinyinhai Technology, Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xerius Bioscience Ag - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xerius Bioscience Ag - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WSP Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WSP Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


W.S. Industries Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
W.S. Industries Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Workforce Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Workforce Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Work Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Work Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Woobangland Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Woobangland Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WISE Group AB - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WISE Group AB - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Windswept Environmental Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Windswept Environmental Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WindPower Innovations, Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WindPower Innovations, Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wincanton plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wincanton plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilson Learning Worldwide - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilson Learning Worldwide - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Willy Food Investments Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Willy Food Investments Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilhelmina International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilhelmina International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Widetech Malaysia Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Widetech Malaysia Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Worldwide Food Services, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Worldwide Food Services, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Worldwide Auction Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Worldwide Auction Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WHK Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WHK Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Western Lucrative Enterprises, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Western Lucrative Enterprises, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


West Mountain Capital Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
West Mountain Capital Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wescorp Energy Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wescorp Energy Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wesco Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wesco Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wellcom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wellcom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wellco Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wellco Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Weathernews Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Weathernews Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wdb Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wdb Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WCA Waste Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WCA Waste Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waterman Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waterman Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Water Hall Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Water Hall Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waste Management, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waste Management, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waste Connections Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waste Connections Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Global Warming Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Global Warming Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Financial Services Banking Cards Credit & Loans Financial Company Reports Investment Mortgage Payment Other Financial Services  Insurance General Insurance Health Insurance Insurance Company Reports Life Insurance Property Insurance Reinsurance Auto Insurance  Business Services Accounting & Tax Services Advertising Brokerage Business Support Business Services Company Reports Consulting Diversified Services Company Reports Franchise Wealth Management  Real Estate Real Estate Company Reports  Business Survey 






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:






























One Factor Bringing Lightbridge (LTBR) Stock Up - TheStreet











































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street










































 




























One Factor Bringing Lightbridge (LTBR) Stock Up

        
        Lightbridge (LTBR) shares gain after the company announces interest in its Lightbridge metallic fuel.






Lindsay Ingram



May 18, 2015 9:54 AM EDT



 



















































 NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Shares of Lightbridge (LTBR) were spiking 79.1% to $2.49 on heavy trading volume Monday after the company announced that four U.S. electric utility companies asked the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission to review its patented metallic fuel design. The electric utilities cited the fuel product's opportunity to "significantly improve safety and fuel cycle economics" of nuclear power plants in the requests, according to Lightbridge. The company expects to submit an application to the NRC in 2017 for use of Lightbridge fuel lead test assemblies in an "operating U.S. pressurized water reactor as early as 2020." "Lightbridge is developing the first truly next generation commercial fuel design that can provide significant fuel performance and economic benefits to nuclear utilities," President and CEO Seth Grae said. "This expression of interest by major U.S. utilities is the strongest endorsement to date of Lightbridge fuel by potential customers." About 3 million shares of Lightbridge were traded by about 9:50 a.m. Monday, well above the company's average trading volume of about 47,000 shares a day. TheStreet Ratings team rates LIGHTBRIDGE CORP as a Sell with a ratings score of D-. TheStreet Ratings Team has this to say about their recommendation: "We rate LIGHTBRIDGE CORP (LTBR) a SELL. This is driven by some concerns, which we believe should have a greater impact than any strengths, and could make it more difficult for investors to achieve positive results compared to most of the stocks we cover. The company's weaknesses can be seen in multiple areas, such as its weak operating cash flow and generally disappointing historical performance in the stock itself." 



 



 
























If you liked this article you might like












Lightbridge (LTBR) Stock Surging on Export License Award
Lightbridge (LTBR) stock is gaining after the company was awarded an export license for planned work in the Halden Research Reactor in Norway.



Amanda Schiavo

Oct 19, 2015 11:51 AM EDT























Insider Trading Alert - LTBR, THRM And AST Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include LTBR, THRM and AST



TheStreet Wire

Sep 17, 2015 10:45 AM EDT























Lightbridge (LTBR) Stock Jumps on Canadian Nuclear Laboratories Agreement
Lightbridge (LTBR) shares are higher after the company announces a new comprehensive services agreement with Canadian Nuclear Laboratories.



Lindsay Ingram

Sep 14, 2015 10:10 AM EDT























Lightbridge (LTBR) Stock Falls, Giving Back Recent Gains
Lightbridge (LTBR) shares fall on heavy trading volume Friday, giving back gains from Thursday.



Shawn Ingram

Jun 5, 2015 12:59 PM EDT





































 








Trending


Tim Cook on Trump's Claim that Apple Is Building 3 U.S. Factories: 'There's More We Can Do'


It Has Gotten So Sad for Costco and Sam's Club They Are Discounting Stuff on Groupon


Tesla Employees Won't Talk to You About the Model 3 in Stores but They May Try to Sell You Solar


Apple's iPhone Might Be Irrelevant to How You Order Pizza in the Future: Domino's CEO


Here's How Much Money Warren Buffett Has Made on Apple Stock in 2017 Alone











Advertising Partners
 
 
 
 













 












 

























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers
 
 
 
 
 
 













Lightbridge Corp: Can Their Fuel Technology Gain Traction?













































































































































 



Wall Street Daily










 
 
 





WSD Team
Contact Us
Archives
Ensure Email Delivery
Frequently Asked Questions
Broker Listing








 Revolution Brewing in Nuclear Fuel Technology?

 
                            Published Thu, Aug 28, 2014                            
                             | 
                            Marty Biancuzzo, Technology Analyst




















 
 

Not content with causing geopolitical chaos, the Russians are wreaking havoc in the energy sector, too.
In a positive way, that is.
On Monday, I noted how Russian scientists have created floating nuclear power plants, which offer a radical solution to expanding nuclear power as an energy source.
Well, the Russians aren’t the only ones innovating in this area.
One company much closer to home has taken a giant step further…
It’s actually trying to reinvent the way nuclear fuel is produced. To do so, it’s going right to the source of nuclear energy.
The technology even boosts power output, and is safer than conventional uranium-based nuclear fuel.
There’s no question that it represents a major advancement in nuclear science.
But the question is: How does its stock match up?
This Company Wants a Nuclear Revolution
Based on the outskirts of Washington, D.C., in McLean, VA, Lightbridge Corp. (LTBR) is a little-known nuclear fuel technology firm.
Its business is essentially divided between its technology R&D and nuclear energy consultancy services.
Lightbridge wants to shift the focus of nuclear fuel from conventional uranium to an element called thorium.
It’s a sound idea. As you’ll see, thorium boasts several benefits over uranium.
But there’s often a huge gap between innovation and execution. And as you’ll also see, getting this innovation off the ground and widely accepted as a nuclear fuel is a monumental challenge.
~Cash
Take a glance inside Lightbridge’s books, and things quickly turn dark.
And that’s putting it mildly.
The firm sports some of the worst numbers I’ve seen in a long time.
For example, revenue and gross profit have steadily declined for over five years now. In fact, Lightbridge’s revenue has plummeted by 1,068% since 2008, dropping from $22.2 million to only $1.9 million last year.
Gross profit? Same story.
It nosedived by 1,288% – from $11.1 million in 2008 to a woeful $800,000 in 2013. Other major metrics are similarly awful.
Lightbridge CEO, Seth Grae, claims the company is in a “developmental stage.”
That’s partly true…
While the name “Lightbridge” has only been around since 2009, the company isn’t a startup. The company was actually founded in 1992 and was previously known as Thorium Power, Inc. – and Novastar Resources, Ltd. before that.
Not only does this company appear to have an identity crisis, it seems to have been in a “developmental stage” since 1992. That’s 22 years, with a steady drop in financial performance.
C.H.A.O.S. Meter: 1/20
~High Impact
As the global population rises, so does the strain on the energy infrastructure and existing resources.
When it comes to the nuclear industry, the world needs safer and more economically competitive nuclear power.
Well, Lightbridge has invented and patented high-impact fuel technology that it believes will achieve both goals. How?
By offering customers all-metal and thorium-based fuels to replace today’s uranium-enriched power.
You see, after uranium is mined, it gets converted to a gaseous form. It’s then transferred to an enrichment plant, where it’s “enhanced.” That enriched, gaseous uranium is then transported to a fuel fabrication plant, where it’s converted into uranium dioxide powder.
The powder is pressed into small fuel pellets that are then inserted into fuel rods. When bundled together, these rods form fuel assemblies. That’s what powers nuclear reactors.
But Lightbridge’s fuel rod technology offers new reactors and two alternative fuel types.
First, there’s thorium.
Thorium is a radioactive metal. Traces of it can be found in most rocks and soils, and it’s about three times more plentiful than uranium. That helps ease concerns over the uranium constraints.
Lightbridge claims its array of thorium-based rods are better than conventional uranium ones because they reduce the weight and volume of used fuel by 40% and uranium requirements by 10%.
All-in-all, Lightbridge says its thorium-based fuel will increase nuclear reactor power output by 30%, and eliminate nuclear waste material that’s used for nuclear weapon development.
Lightbridge also offers an interchangeable all-metal fuel rod.
These entirely metallic fuel rods boast three key benefits…

They provide a power output boost of up to 17%.


They result in a 30% rise in reactor uprate (time spent running).


The required operating temperature of the fuel created from its all-metallic rods is 716 degrees Fahrenheit. Compare that to the molten-hot 2,732 degrees Fahrenheit required for oxide fuel. This lower operating temperature keeps the fuel from approaching dangerous temperatures during accidents.

C.H.A.O.S. Meter: 17/20
~Acceleration
When it comes to short-term stock accelerants, there’s a common theme with Lightbridge…
Given the company’s $44-million market cap and thin volume, any whiff of good news or bad news in the nuclear industry has the potential to move the stock big time…
 Exclusive ContentMUST-SEE: Trump’s Financial Disclosure StatementThis could be the biggest Obama “scandal” EVER…     It has to do with a secret that he and the Pentagon kept hidden at 9800 Savage Rd., Fort Meade, Maryland, for his ENTIRE presidency.    You won’t want to miss THIS.   The CIA spends billions of dollars to keep scandalous stories under wraps. So we wouldn’t be surprised if they wanted this page taken down immediately.   Click here for the shocking truth. Take a look…

In addition, Lightbridge announced two weeks ago that it will be the first U.S. company to work with the Vietnam Agency for Radiation and Nuclear Safety (VARANS) to help develop the country’s nuclear energy program.
This is a lucrative opportunity. Vietnam’s $10-billion nuclear industry is second only to China’s in Southeast Asia. And the U.S. Commerce Department says the market will grow to $50 billion by 2030.
As governments focus more on nuclear safety and finding innovative ways to generate power, while avoiding disasters, Lightbridge is well-placed to offer traders quick opportunities to profit.
Be warned, though: This is a dangerous game to play. Given the stock’s low volume, you’d be hard-pressed to get out unscathed if shares fall hard.
C.H.A.O.S. Meter: 13/20
~Orders
The demand for nuclear power solutions today is stronger than ever.
Given that Lightbridge’s fuel offers both new and existing nuclear power plants better safety and power output, the company believes it can generate revenue from new plants, plus the maintenance and upgrade of existing ones.
That’s great in theory. But up to now, it has yet to generate any orders or revenue.
The other segment of Lightbridge’s business model is its nuclear strategy and consultation work to global governments and commercial operations.
It has a large and well-respected team here, including the former head of Advanced Nuclear Fuel Design at General Electric (GE), the former head of Nuclear Technology at Westinghouse, the former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency, and a slew of former nuclear regulators from several different countries.
Since Lightbridge isn’t generating revenue from its technology, the company’s consultation work is the crux of its business.
Needless to say, relying on just one segment for revenue is pretty risky, given that business will rise and fall.
Unfortunately, Lightbridge has experienced more downs than ups recently. In 2013, revenue from its consulting segment sank by 100%, pulling in $1.8 million, compared to the $3.6 million it generated in 2012.
Hopefully, the VARANS deal will produce an upturn here.
C.H.A.O.S. Meter: 7/20
~Scalability 
It’s fair to say that Lightbridge is “all in” on its technology. If it gains widespread traction, it will finally transform the company’s fortunes.
If not… well, it would spell disaster.
Lightbridge does boast strong, established relationships through its consulting segment. And in order to grow, it intends to license its nuclear fuel design to existing nuclear fuel fabricators. It’s also looking for fuel fabricators that have long-term fuel supply contracts with nuclear power plants.
The structure of these licensing agreements will likely require major fuel suppliers to share fuel development costs. Also, fuel suppliers will need to pay an upfront technology access fee to Lightbridge, plus royalties from future fuel sales.
The company believes that continued heavy R&D spending, coupled with product demonstrations, will ensure commercial licensing contracts in roughly one to two years.
I’m skeptical…
Successful commercialization is multi-pronged. And one of those prongs requires expensive marketing costs to potential fuel fabricator customers, while the other requires raising government awareness.
Despite Lightbridge’s solid team of former government agency heads, it doesn’t help speed the exorbitant time that government processes tend to take. This is evidenced by the company’s prolonged efforts since 1992.
Given its financial situation, time is a luxury that Lightbridge does not have.
C.H.A.O.S. Meter: 5/20
OVERALL C.H.A.O.S. RANKING: 43/100
Final Verdict: An investment in Lightbridge is an investment in thorium and metallic fuels. Or, more accurately, an investment in the belief that thorium will become a major source of nuclear energy.
Given its abundance and environmental benefits over uranium, it’s likely that thorium will have a growing role in the nuclear industry. But it’s not a certainty – and not anytime soon, either.
Even Lightbridge’s own timeline doesn’t project ample commercialization until beyond 2020. In the meantime, it’ll be spending much more on researching and developing its metallic fuel than its consulting business can keep up with.
And that’s the problem… Lightbridge’s near-term life expectancy seems rather fragile.
If anything, the best I can say is that this is a “pre-chaos” company, whose main catalysts at the moment come from news-driven events, rather than its own disruptive breakthroughs.
Your eyes in the Pipeline,
Marty Biancuzzo





 



Related Articles









Legal Mandate Sparks 4X Profit Opportunity











Schizophrenic Investing: The 6 Personality Types of Investors











Holding my Feet to the Fire…











Two Small Stocks, One Giant Mystery



 
Comments (4)





 Art Frewin says: 

			August 28, 2014 at 7:09 am 
thanks for the article, seems over priced to me. they have established a pretty good marketing plan, and they have convinced me if the technology is there that it will be the future of electrical and all sorts of power. that being said, economic structure does not change quickly. at my age trying to reap the benifits through investment is probably remote. 
the real problem is now a days no one wants to comprise when it comes to the enviroment and nothing is black and white. dirty coal lets not use it, that will work for a while , but when it comes to turning off the electricity because there is not enough to go around, then we will see just how uncomprising they can be.
[Reply]





 martin says: 

			August 28, 2014 at 8:41 am 
thorium…gimme a break. it has been in the works for like 100 years and they never got it to work. doubt these guys can make it viable. also it is a lie that thorium is safer in terms of waste. it is actually worse.
[Reply]Alan Reply:August 29th, 2014 at 12:14 pmThorium has indeed been successfully used in nuclear reactors, but the best way to do it is in a molten salt reactor, which is not what these guys are pushing of course.  Eventually, most reactors are likely to be powered by thorium, but given the lack of crisis in uranium availability, that will take longer than it should.
The MSR-based thorium reactor (Liquid Fluoride Thorium Reactor, or LFTR is the most common term) does reduce the waste stream significantly, due to much more complete fuel burn-up, and the end waste products are relatively short-lived (hundreds of years vs 10,000’s), in addition to there just being less of them.
[Reply]





 Lester Logan says: 

			January 20, 2016 at 12:25 am 
BACK TO THE FUTURE WITH THORIUM! But this time, get real, partner with other governments and companies, make money, and be rich. Sign me off as a cautious investor.
[Reply]





Add Comment Cancel reply 
 Name (required, will be published)
 Mail (required, will not be published)
 Website
 

Click to cancel reply







 


Innovation

The Third Front in the War on Cash
By Wall Street Daily Research - Aug 2, 2017
We’re looking at the very real possibility of a cashless society – and what it means for us.



GeoMacro

Steve Jobs’ Widow Vows to…
By Martin Hutchinson - Jul 31, 2017
Every time President Trump rails against the media, he adds millions in market capitalization to The New York Times Company (NYT). So buying a few call options on NYT is virtually certain to pay off. If you’ve never traded options, fear not. I asked my senior analyst, Martin Hutchinson, to describe options so that a kindergartener would understand.



Special Situations

Retail Investors Face an Ugly Truth
By Martin Hutchinson - Jul 26, 2017
In 2016, the S&P 500 rose 12% on a total return basis. But the average investor’s portfolio earned just 5%. In other words, the market beat the average Joe by more than double. Thanks to an innovative new company, though, investors’ luck could change overnight.




SEARCH




Search for:



Search




Powered by Ajaxy
 


 






premium research

True Alpha
VentureCap Strategist
Extreme Alpha



company

About
Contributors
Contact Us
Whitelist Instructions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Syndicate Us
FAQ



learn more

Free Reports
Premium Research
Income
Growth
Commodities
Geomacro
Money
Trading
Funds
Saturday Spotlight



contact us

T. 1.800.708.1020
T. 410.454.0499
F. 410.864.1650
808 St Paul St.Baltimore, MD21202















© 2017 Wall Street Daily, LLC. All rights reserved.













































Lightbridge Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Business & Finance

Business Services

Business Services Company Reports





Lightbridge Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
LACBDA68D33B1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





Lightbridge Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of Lightbridge Corp. with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of Lightbridge Corp. key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key Lightbridge Corp. competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 LIGHTBRIDGE CORP. - OVERVIEW

1.1 Lightbridge Corp. - Business Description
1.2 Lightbridge Corp. - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 Lightbridge Corp. - Milestones and History

2 LIGHTBRIDGE CORP. - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 LIGHTBRIDGE CORP. - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 LIGHTBRIDGE CORP. - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 LIGHTBRIDGE CORP. - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 Lightbridge Corp. - Strengths
5.2 Lightbridge Corp. - Weaknesses
5.3 Lightbridge Corp. - Opportunities
5.4 Lightbridge Corp. - Threats

6 LIGHTBRIDGE CORP. – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 Lightbridge Corp. - Financial Snapshot
6.2 Lightbridge Corp. – Stock Market Snapshot

7 LIGHTBRIDGE CORP. - KEY COMPETITORS

8 LIGHTBRIDGE CORP. - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: Lightbridge Corp. Key Facts 
Table 2: Lightbridge Corp. Offices and Representations 
Table 3: Lightbridge Corp. Milestones and History 
Table 4: Lightbridge Corp. Key Executives 
Table 5: Lightbridge Corp. Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: Lightbridge Corp. Major Shareholders 
Table 7: Lightbridge Corp. Products and Services
Table 8: Lightbridge Corp. SWOT Analysis
Table 9: Lightbridge Corp. Profitability 
Table 10: Lightbridge Corp. Management Effectiveness
Table 11: Lightbridge Corp. Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: Lightbridge Corp. Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: Lightbridge Corp. Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: Lightbridge Corp. Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: Lightbridge Corp. Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: Lightbridge Corp. Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: Lightbridge Corp. Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: Lightbridge Corp. Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: Lightbridge Corp. Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: Lightbridge Corp. Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: Lightbridge Corp. 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: Lightbridge Corp. 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Castle Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Stylam Industries Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Resonance Health Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Global Sweeteners Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Netia SA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
Lightbridge Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Financial Services Banking Cards Credit & Loans Financial Company Reports Investment Mortgage Payment Other Financial Services  Insurance General Insurance Health Insurance Insurance Company Reports Life Insurance Property Insurance Reinsurance Auto Insurance  Business Services Accounting & Tax Services Advertising Brokerage Business Support Business Services Company Reports Consulting Diversified Services Company Reports Franchise Wealth Management  Real Estate Real Estate Company Reports  Business Survey 












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:

























LTBR - Lightbridge Corporation
  
 
























[LTBR] Lightbridge Corporation

Overview
Type of security: Stock
Sector: Consumer Services
Industry: Professional Services
Market Capitalization: 
Exchange: NASDAQ
The data is delayed by 15 minutes.
 




                    Price: 1.07
                    Change:
                                        -0.06
(-5.31%)



                        Ext. hours: 
Change: 
0
(0%)







Refresh chart


Strongest Trends Summary For LTBRLTBR is in the medium-term down -43% below S&P in 1 year. In the long-term down -90% below S&P in 4 years. 
 
                Horizon:
                                3 hours |
                2 days |
                5 days |
                10 days
                                | 1 month
                                | 6 months
                                | 1 year
                                | 2 years
                                | 5 years
                                | max


                Chart type:
                absolute |
                relative to S&P

Publish chart
 





Description: Lightbridge Corporation, a nuclear fuel technology company, through its subsidiaries, participates in the nuclear power industry in the United States and internationally. It operates two segments, Technology and Consulting. The Technology segment engages in the design and development of proprietary nuclear fuels. Its primary fuel product lines include all-uranium seed and blanket fuel for existing plants; all-metal fuel for new build reactors; and thorium-based seed and blanket fuel for both existing and new build reactors. The Consulting segment provides nuclear power consulting and strategic advisory services to commercial and governmental entities. It offers integrated strategic advice across a range of areas, including regulatory development, nuclear reactor site selection, procurement and deployment, reactor and fuel technology, international relations, and regulatory affairs. The company was formerly known as Thorium Power, Ltd. and changed its name to Lightbridge Corporation in September 2009. Lightbri


                    See how to gain 20% in 14 sec with TrendsInvesting




Fundamental Ratios


Shares Outstanding
EPS
EPS Growth - 4 Quarters
EPS Growth - Q/Q


EPS Growth - Y/Y
Sales Growth - 4 Quarters -64.47%
Sales Growth - Q/Q-71.3%
P/E


P/E To EPS Growth
P/S
P/BV
Price/Cash Per Share


Price/Free Cash Flow
ROA-89.47%
ROE-101.41%
ROI


Current Ratio7.04
Quick Ratio
Long Term Debt/Equity
Debt Ratio0.13


Gross Margin41.69%
Operating Margin-377.97%
Net Profit Margin-378.22%
Dividend Payout Ratio


Dividend Yield



Fundamental Data


Cash From Financing Activities
Cash From Investing Activities-20 K
Cash From Operating Activities-1.03 M
Gross Profit70 K


Net Profit-1.08 M
Operating Profit-1.08 M
Total Assets4.99 M
Total Current Assets4.13 M


Total Current Liabilities590 K
Total Debt
Total Liabilities590 K
Total Revenue120 K




Technical Data


High 52 week3.46
Low 52 week0.93
Last close1.38
Last change1.47%


RSI57.58
Average true range0.1
Beta0.5
Volume356.95 K


Simple moving average 20 days4.94%
Simple moving average 50 days14.39%
Simple moving average 200 days-10.74%



Performance Data


Performance Week9.52%
Performance Month2.99%
Performance Quart28.97%
Performance Half-10.39%


Performance Year-41.28%
Performance Year-to-date21.05%
Volatility daily4.35%
Volatility weekly9.72%


Volatility monthly19.92%
Volatility yearly68.99%
Relative Volume314.85%
Average Volume153.1 K


New High
New Low-2.73%











News
2017-07-31 07:00:00 | Lightbridge Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Earnings & Business Update Conference Call
2017-06-19 16:52:33 | Day care center, 2 former workers sued over 'Fight Club'
2017-06-06 07:00:00 | Lightbridge CEO Seth Grae to Present at the American Nuclear Society ANS 2017 Annual Meeting
2017-05-30 08:15:06 | Lightbridge Receives Notice of Allowance for Another Key Patent in China for its Metallic Nuclear Fuel
2017-05-12 21:21:12 | Edited Transcript of LTBR earnings conference call or presentation 10-May-17 3:00pm GMT
2017-05-11 10:43:02 | Lightbridge Corp. :LTBR-US: Earnings Analysis: Q1, 2017 By the Numbers : May 11, 2017
2017-05-10 19:56:14 | Edited Transcript of LTBR earnings conference call or presentation 10-May-17 3:00pm GMT
2017-05-10 09:30:00 | Investor Network: Lightbridge Corporation to Host Earnings Call
2017-05-09 16:15:00 | Investor Network Invites You to the Lightbridge First Quarter 2017 Earnings and Business Update Conference Call Live on Wednesday, May 10, 2017
2017-05-09 16:15:00 | Lightbridge Provides Business Update and Reports Financial Results for the First Quarter of 2017
2017-05-02 07:30:00 | Lightbridge Schedules First Quarter 2017 Earnings & Business Update Conference Call
2017-04-26 07:30:00 | Lightbridge Corporation to Present at Idaho National Laboratory’s GAIN Fuel Safety Research Workshop
2017-03-28 09:15:38 | Lightbridge Corp. :LTBR-US: Earnings Analysis: Q4, 2016 By the Numbers : March 28, 2017
2017-03-23 16:41:09 | LIGHTBRIDGE CORP Files SEC form 8-K, Results of Operations and Financial Condition, Financial Statements and Exhibits
2017-03-23 16:30:00 | Lightbridge Provides Year-End Business Update
2017-03-17 07:30:00 | Lightbridge Schedules 2016 Year End Earnings and Business Update Conference Call
2017-03-01 07:00:00 | Lightbridge Corporation Invited to Present at Two Upcoming Massachusetts Institute of Technology Events
2017-02-28 07:30:00 | Lightbridge Selected to Present at CleanEquity Monaco 2017 - The 10th Anniversary
2017-02-06 13:29:00 | Lightbridge Corporation to Present at the 2nd Annual Disruptive Growth & Healthcare Conference in NYC on February 15
2017-01-09 07:30:00 | Lightbridge Selected to Present at CleanEquity Monaco 2017 - The 10th Anniversary - Hosted by Innovator Capital
2016-12-23 15:50:10 | Trump's nuclear remarks test bid to improve Russia ties
2016-12-23 12:22:13 | Trump 'arms race' comment sows more doubt on nuclear policy
2016-12-23 08:39:42 | Trump on nuclear weapons tweet: 'Let it be an arms race' -MSNBC
2016-12-21 07:32:16 | Lightbridge Applauds Approval of Norway 123 Agreement
2016-12-16 08:18:08 | Lightbridge CEO Named to US Government Nuclear Trade Advisory Group
2016-12-16 08:00:00 | Lightbridge CEO Named to US Government Nuclear Trade Advisory Group
2016-12-15 08:30:00 | Lightbridge Corporation Discusses Recent News, Goals and Milestones for First Half of 2017 in New SNNLive Video Interview on StockNewsNow.com
2016-12-01 07:30:00 | Lightbridge to Present at the 9th Annual LD Micro Main Event
2016-11-14 12:19:38 | Lightbridge Corp. :LTBR-US: Earnings Analysis: Q3, 2016 By the Numbers : November 14, 2016
2016-11-10 17:04:21 | LIGHTBRIDGE CORP Files SEC form 8-K, Results of Operations and Financial Condition, Financial Statements and Exhibits
2016-11-10 17:01:09 | Lightbridge Provides Business Update and Reports Financial Results for the Third Quarter of 2016
2016-11-08 16:50:39 | LIGHTBRIDGE CORP Files SEC form 8-K, Regulation FD Disclosure
2016-11-04 12:21:03 | Lightbridge Schedules Third Quarter 2016 Earnings & Business Update Conference Call
2016-11-04 12:12:13 | Lightbridge Schedules Third Quarter 2016 Earnings & Business Update Conference Call
2016-11-04 08:24:40 | LIGHTBRIDGE CORP Files SEC form 8-K, Regulation FD Disclosure, Financial Statements and Exhibits
2016-11-02 08:00:00 | Lightbridge and AREVA Reach Agreement on Key Terms for Joint Venture to Develop and Commercialize Innovative Metallic Nuclear Fuel
2016-10-17 07:30:00 | Lightbridge Corporation to Present at the Dawson James Securities 2016 Small Cap Growth Conference
2016-10-13 07:30:00 | Lightbridge’s Senior Executives to Present at Five Upcoming Industry and Scientific Conferences
2016-09-20 07:38:04 | Lightbridge CEO Seth Grae to Present at Three Upcoming Investor Conferences
2016-09-20 07:30:00 | Lightbridge CEO Seth Grae to Present at Three Upcoming Investor Conferences
2016-09-06 09:00:00 | EnergyTechInvestor.com Discusses the Nuclear Fuel Application and Qualification Process with Lightbridge Corporation
2016-08-30 07:43:09 | Lightbridge CEO Seth Grae Provides Keynote Address to Chinese Business Leaders in Beijing
2016-08-30 07:30:00 | Lightbridge CEO Seth Grae Provides Keynote Address to Chinese Business Leaders in Beijing
2016-08-29 07:47:06 | LIGHTBRIDGE CORP Files SEC form 8-K, Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard;
2016-08-29 07:33:04 | Lightbridge Receives Official Confirmation of Compliance with all Applicable Requirements for Continued Listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market
2016-08-19 13:04:32 | LIGHTBRIDGE CORP Financials
2016-08-11 16:51:08 | Lightbridge Provides Update on Nuclear Fuel Commercialization Plan, Business Update and Financial Results for Second Quarter 2016
2016-08-11 16:48:46 | LIGHTBRIDGE CORP Files SEC form 8-K, Results of Operations and Financial Condition, Financial Statements and Exhibits
2016-08-11 16:05:00 | Investor Calendar Invites You to the Lightbridge Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast Live on Friday, August 12, 2016
2016-08-09 09:00:00 | EnergyTech Investor, LLC Discusses Nuclear Fuel Technology and Growth Opportunities with Lightbridge Corporation CEO









×Close
Publish chart


Static chart:
http://charts.trendinvesting.com/chart_prc_vol?smb=LTBR&lmt=120&t=abs&advanced=advancedFalse&d=20170803
Dynamic chart:
http://charts.trendinvesting.com/chart_prc_vol?smb=LTBR&lmt=120&t=abs&advanced=advancedFalse









×
We are constantly working on our website improvements. We need your help. Please give us some feedback by completing this short poll. It will only take a few minutes of your time but it means a lot to us.




What type of instruments do you invest in?



                Forex
              




                Stocks
              




                ETFs
              




                Future contracts
              




                Options
              




Do you consider using trends when making investment decisions?



                All the time
              




                Very often
              




                From time to time
              




                Almost never
              




                Not at all
              


Other







Do you consider the tools provided by our site helpful for your trading activities?



                All the time
              




                Very often
              




                From time to time
              




                Almost never
              




                Not at all
              


Other





Do you find the our website easy-to-use when you look for specific information?



                All the time
              




                Very often
              




                From time to time
              




                Almost never
              




                Not at all
              


Other







Do you use other stock market screeners?



                All the time
              




                Very often
              




                From time to time
              




                Almost never
              




                Not at all
              


Other







What would you change about our website graphical design?







Do you understand how to use our tools, if not what can we do to improve that?







If you have any more comments e.g. what to add, any mistakes you came across etc. please share it with us.








Close
Save changes






















































Lightbridge Provides Additional Business Updates - OTCMarkets.com





















OTC Markets


 





Home




Marketplaces















Market Activity



Current Market


Closing Summary


Broker Dealer Data


Corporate Actions


Short Sale Data


Reg SHO Data





News



Company News & Financials


Press Releases


Videos & Presentations


RSS Feeds


OTC Markets Events


OTC Markets Newsletter


OTC Markets Press Center





Services



Companies


Investors


Market Data


OTC Link® ATS





Research



Stock Screener


OTCQX Company List


Company Directory


Service Provider Directory


OTCQX Sponsors


Research Marketplace


Broker Dealer Directory


Prohibited Attorney List


Symbology


Glossary





Learn



Our Marketplaces


Market 101


Investor Protection


Reporting Requirements


American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)


How to Get Traded


Caveat Emptor Policy


FINRA & SEC Rules


Whitepapers


FAQs






 

 
 
 








Company Directory

|

Stock Screener







OTC Market Totals

-
Securities

-
Dollar Volume

-
Share Volume

-
Trades






 





Quote
Charts
Company Profile
News
Financials
Filings and Disclosure
Short Sales
Insider Disclosure
Research Reports
Videos and Presentations














LTBR


Lightbridge Corp.





 


                
                    Common Stock
                
                
            




				
				Nasdaq
			









































 

OTC Disclosure & News Service








 

Lightbridge Provides Additional Business Updates
Aug 03, 2016
OTC Disclosure & News Service

                            
                                - 
NASDAQ Approves Continued Listing
Closes Previously Announced $2.8 Million Preferred Stock Financing Appoints Xingping Hou as Co-Chairman Meets Alongside Representatives from AREVA and Nuclear Utilities with U. S. Department of Energy Officials  Jonathan Baggett Takes On Additional Role as Deputy Quality Assurance Manager RESTON, Va., Aug.  03, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Lightbridge Corporation (NASDAQ:LTBR), a U.S. nuclear fuel technology company, today provided a general business update and announced that it has received formal notification from the Listing Qualifications Department of The NASDAQ Stock Market ("NASDAQ") notifying Lightbridge that it has approved the Company’s continued listing on the NASDAQ following the one-for-five reverse stock split of the Company’s common stock completed on July 20, 2016, and closing of the previously announced $2.8 million convertible preferred financing with General International Holdings Inc. (GIH), an entity controlled by Mr. Xingping Hou.  In connection with the $2.8 million financing, the Company has appointed Mr. Hou as co-Chairman of the Company’s Board of Directors. Ambassador Thomas Graham, Jr. will remain Executive Chairman of the Board. Seth Grae, President & Chief Executive Officer of Lightbridge Corporation, commented, “We are pleased that Lightbridge stock will continue to trade on the NASDAQ. We are also happy to have closed the previously announced $2.8 million financing with GIH at a significant premium to the market price at the time of the agreement. This investment, combined with a $1 million investment and additional funding commitment of $4 million from Aspire Capital announced in June, strengthens our balance sheet while allowing us to continue executing on our business plan.  We believe the terms of the $2.8 million financing were favorable for shareholders and we appreciate the support Mr. Hou has shown following his due diligence. We are pleased to welcome him to Lightbridge’s board of directors and look forward to leveraging his relationships throughout Asia.” “On July 12, 2016, Lightbridge, along with representatives from AREVA and nuclear utilities, met with officials from the U. S. Department of Energy (DOE).  The meeting focused on the status of the Lightbridge all-metal nuclear fuel development program and potential opportunities associated with the DOE loan guarantee program that may be helpful to the project. The parties also discussed the potential value of certain DOE assets, such as the Transient Reactor Test Facility and other test facilities, as well as analytical support that can be provided by U.S. national laboratories. Specifically, the national laboratories could analyze changes in the nuclear industry infrastructure in support of obtaining the requisite U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission approval for deploying the all-metal fuel. Additional follow-up meetings are expected to discuss specific steps for collaboration with the DOE and its national laboratories in areas of mutual interest.” “We are also pleased to announce that Lightbridge Vice President Jonathan Baggett has returned to our U.S. corporate offices after two years based in Seoul, South Korea advising the company’s customers and partners. Given his exemplary performance and valuable skill set, Jonathan has been awarded the additional role of Deputy Quality Assurance Manager. In that capacity, he will work closely with Rene’ Delaney, Quality Assurance Manager of Lightbridge, overseeing quality assurance aspects of our nuclear fuel program to ensure compliance with NQA-1 and 10 CFR 50, Appendix B requirements. In preparation for irradiation testing of our nuclear fuel samples at the Halden research reactor, he will participate in a quality assurance visit by the Lightbridge team to Norway in the fall of 2016.” About Lightbridge CorporationLightbridge is a nuclear fuel development company based in Reston, Virginia, USA. The Company develops proprietary next generation nuclear fuel technologies for current and future nuclear reactor systems. Lightbridge's breakthrough fuel technology is establishing new global standards for safe and clean nuclear power and leading the way to a sustainable energy future. The Company also provides comprehensive advisory services for established and emerging nuclear programs based on a philosophy of transparency, non-proliferation, safety and operational excellence. Lightbridge consultants provide integrated strategic advice and expertise across a range of disciplines including regulatory affairs, nuclear reactor procurement and deployment, reactor and fuel technology and international relations. The Company leverages those broad and integrated capabilities by offering its services to commercial entities and governments with a need to establish or expand nuclear industry capabilities and infrastructure. To receive Lightbridge Corporation updates via e-mail, subscribe at http://ir.ltbridge.com/alerts.cfm.Lightbridge is on Twitter. Sign up to follow @LightbridgeCorp at http://twitter.com/lightbridgecorp. Forward Looking StatementsWith the exception of historical matters, the matters discussed in this news release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding the Company's product and service offerings, follow-up meetings to discuss specific steps for collaboration with the DOE and the expected market and revenues for the Company’s product and service offerings.  These statements are based on current expectations on the date of this news release and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ significantly from such estimates. The risks include, but are not limited to, the degree of market adoption of the Company's product and service offerings; market competition; dependence on strategic partners; demand for fuel for nuclear reactors; and the Company's ability to manage its business effectively in a rapidly evolving market, as well as other factors described in Lightbridge's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Lightbridge does not assume any obligation to update or revise any such forward-looking statements, whether as the result of new developments or otherwise. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
Investor Relations Contact:
David Waldman/Natalya Rudman
Crescendo Communications, LLC
Tel. + 1 855-379-9900
Ltbr@crescendo-ir.com


Copyright © 2016 GlobeNewswire. All Rights Reserved
The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases.












 



 





































Lightbridge Corp. - EnergyTech Investor














































































 
















































 




 

Contact us  (415) 233-7093 x 401 or research@energytechinvestor.com
 
 
 
 















 
 








Lightbridge Corp.










Lightbridge Corp.










 





Lightbridge Corporation 

(LTBR)  


 




 






ETI Insight

Lightbridge Corporation operates as a nuclear fuel technology company worldwide. It operates in two segments, Technology and Consulting. It offers all-metal fuel for operating and new build reactors; all-uranium seed and blanket fuel for existing plants and new build reactors; and thorium-based seed and blanket fuel for existing and new build reactors. The company also provides consulting and strategic advisory services to companies and governments. Its services include integrated strategic advice across a range of areas, including regulatory development, nuclear reactor site selection, procurement and deployment, reactor and fuel technology, international relations, program management, regulatory affairs, and infrastructure development. The company was formerly known as Thorium Power, Ltd. and changed its name to Lightbridge Corporation in September 2009. Lightbridge Corporation was founded in 1992 and is based in McLean, Virginia.e, Idaho.

 













 









Ask the ETI Research Team a Question
 

 




Ask a Question




Submit Your Question Here











Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Your Message
 



 



 















Company Overview

 

 






Company SnapshotKey Financial MetricsGovernanceNews







Lightbridge Corporation operates as a nuclear fuel technology company worldwide. It operates in two segments, Technology and Consulting. It offers all-metal fuel for operating and new build reactors; all-uranium seed and blanket fuel for existing plants and new build reactors; and thorium-based seed and blanket fuel for existing and new build reactors. The company also provides consulting and strategic advisory services to companies and governments. Its services include integrated strategic advice across a range of areas, including regulatory development, nuclear reactor site selection, procurement and deployment, reactor and fuel technology, international relations, program management, regulatory affairs, and infrastructure development. The company was formerly known as Thorium Power, Ltd. and changed its name to Lightbridge Corporation in September 2009. Lightbridge Corporation was founded in 1992 and is based in McLean, Virginia.

 







Key Financial Metrics
Provided by Yahoo Finance

 




Company Stock Performance




 











 







Statistic
Value




Enterprise Value/Revenue



Return on Assets



Return on Equity



Enterprise Value



Total Cash



50-Day Moving Average



200-Day Moving Average



Market Cap



EBITDA



Revenue



5 Year Average Dividend Yield



50-Day Moving Average



52-Week Change



52-Week High



52-Week Low



% Held by Insiders



% Held by Institutions



Avg Vol



Fiscal Year Ends













Statistic
Value




Float



Forward Annual Dividend Rate



Forward Annual Dividend Yield



Book Value Per Share



Current Ratio



Diluted EPS



Dividend Date



Enterprise Value/EBITDA



Enterprise Value/Revenue



Ex-Dividend Date



Forward P/E



Gross Profit



Last Split Date



Last Split Factor



Levered Free Cash Flow



Most Recent Quarter



Net Income Avl to Common



Operating Cash Flow



Operating Margin













Statistic
Value




PEG Ratio



Payout Ratio



Price/Book



Price/Sales



Profit Margin



Qtrly Earnings Growth



Qtrly Revenue Growth



S&P500 52-Week Change



Shares Outstanding



Shares Short



Short % of Float



Short Ratio



Total Cash Per Share



Total Debt



Total Debt/Equity



Trailing Annual Dividend Yield



Trailing P/E






 







SETH GRAE
President and Chief Executive Officer
 
AMBASSADOR THOMAS GRAHAM, JR.
Executive Chairman of the Board
 
ANDREY MUSHAKOV
Executive Vice President / International Nuclear Operations
 
JAMES MALONE
Chief Nuclear Fuel Development Officer
 
JON JOHNSON
Senior Vice President, Nuclear Regulatory Expert
 
JONATHAN BAGGETT
Vice President, Program Management
 
JESSE FUNCHES
Nuclear Regulatory Expert
 
AARON TOTEMEIER
Vice President, Fuel Cycle Technology and Fuel Fabrication
 
LINDA ZWOBOTA, C.P.A., C.I.A.
Chief Financial Officer
 
RENÉ DELANEY
Quality Assurance Manager
 

 





 Lightbridge Corp. :LTBR-US: Earnings Analysis: Q4, 2016 By the Numbers : March 28, 2017Source: LTBRPublished on 2017-03-28Lightbridge Provides Year-End Business UpdateSource: LTBRPublished on 2017-03-23Investor Network Invites You to the Lightbridge Year End 2016 Earnings and Business Update Conference Call Live on Friday, March 24, 2017Source: LTBRPublished on 2017-03-23Lightbridge Schedules 2016 Year End Earnings and Business Update Conference CallSource: LTBRPublished on 2017-03-17Lightbridge Corporation Invited to Present at Two Upcoming Massachusetts Institute of Technology EventsSource: LTBRPublished on 2017-03-01Lightbridge Selected to Present at CleanEquity Monaco 2017 – The 10th AnniversarySource: LTBRPublished on 2017-02-28Lightbridge Corporation to Present at the 2nd Annual Disruptive Growth & Healthcare Conference in NYC on February 15Source: LTBRPublished on 2017-02-06Lightbridge Selected to Present at CleanEquity Monaco 2017 – The 10th Anniversary – Hosted by Innovator CapitalSource: LTBRPublished on 2017-01-09Trump’s nuclear remarks test bid to improve Russia tiesSource: LTBRPublished on 2016-12-23Trump on nuclear weapons tweet: ‘Let it be an arms race’ -MSNBCSource: LTBRPublished on 2016-12-23Lightbridge Applauds Approval of Norway 123 AgreementSource: LTBRPublished on 2016-12-21Lightbridge CEO Named to US Government Nuclear Trade Advisory GroupSource: LTBRPublished on 2016-12-16Lightbridge Corporation Discusses Recent News, Goals and Milestones for First Half of 2017 in New SNNLive Video Interview on StockNewsNow.comSource: LTBRPublished on 2016-12-15Lightbridge to Present at the 9th Annual LD Micro Main EventSource: LTBRPublished on 2016-12-01Lightbridge Corp. :LTBR-US: Earnings Analysis: Q3, 2016 By the Numbers : November 14, 2016Source: LTBRPublished on 2016-11-14 Older posts 

 



 

 








LTBR Investor Resources

 





LTBR Investor Presentation DeckLTBR Investor Presentation Deck
Please click here to download the most recent LTBR Investor Presentation Deck.





ETI NewsletterETI Newsletter
Click here to download the latest issue of the ETI Newsletter.





ETI Snapshot ReportETI Snapshot Report
Click here to download the latest ETI Snapshot Report.


 





Technology PrimerTechnology Primer
Click here to download the latest Technology Primer





ETI AlphaDirect Management SeriesETI AlphaDirect Management Series
Click here to download the latest ETI AlphaDirect Management Series.





ETI Focus ReportETI Focus Report
Click here to download the latest ETI Focus Report


 








LTBR Product Library

 




LTBR: Nuclear Fuel Technology, Economic Benefits and Cost Saving Aspects, Investor Content, 1-5-2017

LTBR: The Nuclear Fuel Approval and Qualification Process, Investor Content, 9-6-2016

LTBReview, Volume 1, Issue 3, Investor Content, 8-31-2016

LTBReview, Volume 1, Issue 2, Investor Content, 8-15-2016

LTBR: Nuclear Fuel Technology, Competitive Advantages and Emerging Opportunities, Investor Content, 8-9-2016

 










Learn more about the ETI Emerging EnergyTech Sector. 
 
Click Here

 







Related Projects







Profile Energy, Inc.











Plug Power, Inc.











Ideal Power, Inc.











Sevcon, Inc.






















Sample ETI Portfolio Companies




Profile Energy, Inc.





Plug Power, Inc.





UQM Technologies, Inc.





Ideal Power, Inc.





Renewable Energy Group, Inc.





GEVO, Inc.





CECO Environmental





Sevcon, Inc.





Lightbridge Corp.





Ballard Power Systems Inc.





VivoPower International PLC





Westport Fuel Systems Inc.



 

Latest Tweets@Cleanenergyfuel Awarded Multi-Year Extension by DART $CLNE https://t.co/dEJYg0EC3S



20 hours ago

@CapstoneTurbine to Ship First Signature Series Microturbine for Oil & Gas Operations in Utica Shale Play $CPST https://t.co/eTLqWJmZYm



3 days ago

Follow @ETI_AlphaDirect. 

Archives 
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016

 


















 


































COMPANY NAME
Dolor aliquet augue augue sit magnis, magna aenean aenean et! Et tempor, facilisis cursus turpis tempor odio. Diam lorem auctor sit, a a? Lundium placerat mus massa nunc habitasse.


Goblinus globalus fantumo tubus dia montes 
Scelerisque cursus dignissim lopatico vutario
Montes vutario lacus quis preambul denlac 
Leftomato denitro oculus softam lorum quis 
Spiratio dodenus christmas gulleria tix digit 
Dualo fitemus lacus quis preambul patturtul

CONTACT US



Send Message
×
Thank You. We will contact you as soon as possible.






ARE YOU READY? GET IT NOW!


Subscribe
×








COMPANY NAME
Welcome to EnergyTech Investor where our focus is to help investors make intelligent decisions through better information. Please join EnergyTech Investor community to receive the latest updates and insights.

CONTACT US



Send Message
×
Thank You. We will contact you as soon as possible.







ARE YOU READY? GET IT NOW!
Increase more than 500% of Email Subscribers!
 Your Information will never be shared with any third party.



SUBSCRIBE NOW!
×








SHARE


Tweet
OR
SUBSCRIBE
Vel eros amet amet mauris a habitasse scel erisque? Vel urna dis et, placerat phasellus, diam in! Placerat nec facilisis, tortor tristique. Arcu placerat sagittis, velit lorem scelerisque egestas placerat phasellus.


Subscribe
×






SUBSCRIBE AND RECEIVE COMPLIMENTARY NEWS AND UPDATES FROM ETI

Welcome to EnergyTech Investor where our focus is to help investors make intelligent decisions through better information. 
Subscribe and stay informed with complimentary investor news and updates from ETI.


Subscribe
close







GET FULL ACCESS
FILL OUT THE FORM BELOW
 Your Information will never be shared with any third party.



SUBSCRIBE NOW!






Join Now and Stay Informed!

Welcome to EnergyTech Investor where our focus is to help investors make intelligent decisions through better information. 
For complimentary access to all of our content, simply provide your name and email  and join the ETI AlphaDirect investor network.


Subscribe
close






