

	VECTRUS Trademark of VECTRUS, INC.. Serial Number: 86198052 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
VECTRUS










 
Get FREE email alerts













VECTRUS  Trademark Information
 VECTRUS, INC.
Management of business projects for others, provision of business management assistance; Personnel management services; Business management services, namely, managing logistics, reverse logistics, supply chain visibility and synchronization, supply and demand forecasting and product distribution processes for others
Installation, maintenance and repair services of customers' communication equipment, namely, installation, maintenance and repair of telecommunications equipment; installation, maintenance and repair of computer hardware, computers and computer peripherals; consulting services in the field of communications, namely, providing assistance in troubleshooting in the installation of customer's computer network systems and equipment; minor construct...
Providing communication systems services via national or multinational telecommunication networks
Transport services by ferry, boat, rail and air; secured transport and storage services of goods; transportation logistics, namely, storage, transportation and delivery of goods; transport rescue operations; postal services, namely, parcel delivery, packaging articles for transportation and rental of mailboxes; rescue services
Services for providing recreational facilities; providing health club services, namely, providing instruction and equipment in the field of physical exercise; providing gymnasium services; organizing live exhibitions and conferences in the field of education, culture, sports and entertainment for non-business and non-commercial purposes; providing cultural activities
Planning and management of customers' information technology systems; information technology systems support services; information technology security, protection and restoration services, namely, computer security consultancy, erasing hard drives, restricting access to and by computer networks to and of undesired web sites, media and individuals and facilities; computer virus protection and computer systems restoration; data security services...
Health care services, excluding medical testing services provided to physicians and clinicians related to human autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and conditions, the foregoing to be provided on U.S. government military bases and installations
Safety services, namely, consultation services in the field of the safety needs of commercial and industrial companies, consulting services in the field of public safety and safety consulting services in the field of hazard management; enforcement services, namely, civil and police protection services; security monitoring services, namely, video monitoring of facilities, viewable through a global computer network for security purposes; securit...




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
Construction and Repair Services
Communications Services
Transportation & Storage Services 
Education and Entertainment Services
Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 
Personal & Legal & Social Services





Words that describe this mark
management   business   projects      provision   business   management   assistance   personnel   management   services   business   management   services         managing   logistics      reverse   logistics      supply   chain   visibility   synchronization    
                                    




This is a brand page for the VECTRUS trademark by VECTRUS, INC. 
                                in COLORADO SPRINGS, CO, 19801.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this VECTRUS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner VECTRUS, INC. of the VECTRUS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the VECTRUS trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, February 19, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        VECTRUS by 
                        VECTRUS, INC., COLORADO SPRINGS, CO  19801.
                        The USPTO has given the VECTRUS 
                        trademark serial  number of  86198052.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for VECTRUS is 
                        
                        
                                            LISA W. ROSAYA of 
                                            BAKER & MCKENZIE LLP,  452 5TH AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10018-2706 
                                .
                            The VECTRUS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                , 
                                    Construction and Repair Services
                                , 
                                    Communications Services
                                , 
                                    Transportation & Storage Services 
                                , 
                                    Education and Entertainment Services
                                , 
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                , 
                                    Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 
                                , 
                                    Personal & Legal & Social Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for VECTRUS 
                            is Management of business projects for others, provision of business management assistance; Personnel management services; Business management services, namely, managing logistics, reverse logistics, supply chain visibility and synchronization, supply and demand forecasting and product distribution processes for others. 
                            





Word mark:
 VECTRUS


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

11/29/2016



  Serial Number:  
86198052


  Filing Date:  
2/19/2014


 Registration Number:  
5091540 


 Registration Date:  
11/29/2016


 Goods and Services: 
Management of business projects for others, provision of business management assistance; Personnel management services; Business management services, namely, managing logistics, reverse logistics, supply chain visibility and synchronization, supply and demand forecasting and product distribution processes for others


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
10/6/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

VECTRUS, INC.COLORADO SPRINGS, CO  19801
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


LISA W. ROSAYA
BAKER & MCKENZIE LLP
452 5TH AVE
NEW YORK, NY 10018-2706






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/27/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
9/27/2014




Primary Class: 
 Class (037) - Building construction; repair; installation services. 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/27/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
9/27/2014




Primary Class: 
 Class (038) - Telecommunications. 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/27/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
9/27/2014




Primary Class: 
 Class (039) - Transport; packaging and storage of goods; travel arrangement 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/27/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
9/27/2014




Primary Class: 
 Class (041) - Education; providing of training; entertainment; sporting and cultural activities. 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/27/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
9/27/2014




Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/27/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
9/27/2014




Primary Class: 
 Class (044) - Medical services; veterinary services; hygienic and beauty care for human beings or animals; agriculture, horticulture and forestry services. 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/27/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
9/27/2014




Primary Class: 
 Class (045) - Legal services; security services for the protection of property and individuals; personal and social services rendered by others to meet the needs of individuals. 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/27/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
9/27/2014





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your VECTRUS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/29/2016
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



LISA W. ROSAYA


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of VECTRUS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search vectrus on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for VECTRUS 




VECTRUS is providing Management of business projects for others, provision of business management assistance; Personnel management services; Business management services, namely, managing logistics, reverse logistics, supply chain visibility and synchronization, supply and demand forecasting and product distribution processes for others.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Vectrus, Inc. and its Competition by Segements, Service and Products - CSIMarket






 














Company Name or Ticker Symbol








Search for other Categories













HOME
STOCKS


Stock Profile
Company Fundamentals
Company Financials
Company Expectations
Company Descriptions
Charts & Quotes
News
Company Suppliers
Company Competitors
Company Markets  Customers
Economic Indicators


INDUSTRIES


Performance by Industry
Growth Rates by Industry
Profitability by Industry
Valuation by Industry
Financial Strength by Industry


ECONOMY


Advance Monthly Sales
Consumer Price Index CPI
Producer Price Index PPI
Retail Inventories
Personal Income
Gross Domestic Product GDP
Money Supply
Industrial Production
Productivity
Employment Situation
U.S. International Trade
Factory orders
Durable Goods
Construction Spending
Housing Starts
Vehicle Unit Sales


MARKETS


Stocks
Indices
Sectors & Industries
Financials
Commodities
Foreign Exchange


SCREENING


Stock Performance Screening
Profitability Screening
Valuation Screening
Dividend Screening
Financial Strength Screening
Efficiency Screening
Expectations Screening
Mgmnt. Effectivness Screening


NEWS


Stock News
Economy News
Industry News
Other News


GLOSSARY


Financial Terms
Technical Analysis
Fundamental Analysis
Energy Terms
Manufacturing Terms
Transportation Terms
Health Care
Insurance Terms
Economy Terms
Hotel & Leisure Terms


HELP


Company Profile
Fundamentals


Growth Rates
Profitability
Valuation
Management Effectiveness
Financial Strength
Efficiency
Dividend


Financials


Business Segments
Income Statement
Balance Sheets
Cash Flow Statement
Geographic Information
Operating Statistics


Expectations

Earnings Outlook
Revenue Outlook
Earnings Guidance
Revenue Guidance


Descriptions

Business Description
Officers & Directors


Charts & Quotes


Comparison Charts
Candle Charts
OHLC Charts
Logarithmic Charts
Line Charts
Tehnical Upper Indicators
Tehnical Lower Indicators
Weekly Charts
Monthly Charts




News
Suppliers


Company's Suppliers Performance
Suppliers Stock Performance
Suppliers Growth Rates
Suppliers Data
Suppliers Efficiency
Suppliers Management Effectiveness
Suppliers Valuation
Suppliers by Company's Segments
Suppliers by Segment Contribution
Suppliers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Suppliers Segments Income Growth Rates


Competition


Competition by Company's Segments
Segment Market Share
Competition Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Competition Segments Income Growth Rates
Company's Competition Performance
Company's Competitors Results
Competitors Stock Performance
Competitors Growth Rates
Company's Competition Data
Competitors Efficiency
Competitors Management Effectiveness
Competitors Valuation


Customers & Markets


Company's Customers Demand
Customers Expenditure Growth Rates
Customers Performance
Customers Stock Performance
Customers Growth Rates
Customers Data
Customers Efficiency
Customers Management Effectiveness
Customers Valuation
Customers by Company's Segments
Customers by Segment Contribution
Customers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Customers Segments Income Growth Rates


Economic Indicators




 









More Data on Competitors

List of Competitors by Company

• Results

• Performance

• Growth Rates

• Company Data

• Efficiency

• Mgmt. Effect.

• Valuation

List of Competitors by Segment

• Market Share

• Revenue Growth

• Income Growth






 Vectrus, Inc.  (VEC)


Other Ticker:  



 

  










  
 Sector • 
      Services    Industry

• Professional Services


Tweet
 





 
                   				


 
Competition by VEC's Divisions  
(Most recent Quarter in Millions of $)






 				
Select the Relationship:
   


Competition ▼

Customers
Suppliers
Professional Services Industry                
Services Sector




 
Select the Category:
    
    


By Segment▼

Basic Data
Quarterly Results
Stock Performance
Growth Rates
Per Employee
Efficiency
Management Effectiveness
Data by Segment
Market Share by Segment
Revenue Growth by Segment
Income Growth by Segment        





















CSIMarket Company, Sector, Industry, Market Analysis, Stock Quotes, Earnings, Economy, News and Research.  Free Stock Market News Feeds     Copyright © 2017 CSIMarket, Inc. All rights reserved. 
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy - UPDATED (Read about our Privacy Policy)
Intraday Data provided by Barchart and subject to terms of use. To view Intraday Stock Data Java must be installed. Java content may be prohibited by the security software, to see the stock quotes, choose "allow content from this page" option.
Stock Price, historical and current end-of-day data provided by eoddata. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Barchart and Eoddata. All quotes are in local exchange time. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and other exchanges. Fundamental and financial data for Stocks, Sector, Industry, and Economic Indicators provided by CSIMarket.com

























 



 Vectrus to report second-quarter 2017 financial results 
         










    










 













 











 



















Vectrus to report second-quarter 2017 financial results
        																																																																							
              
















 News provided by
Vectrus, Inc.  
Jul 25, 2017, 08:00 ET









 Share this article




























































COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., July 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Vectrus (NYSE:    VEC) will report its second-quarter 2017 financial results on Tuesday, August 8, 2017, after market close.  








Management representatives will conduct an investor briefing and conference call at 5 p.m. EST on Tuesday, August 8, 2017.U.S.-based participants may dial in to the conference call at 877-407-0792, while international participants may dial 201-689-8263. For all other listeners, a live webcast of the briefing and conference call will be available on the Vectrus Investor Relations website at http://investors.vectrus.com.
A replay of the briefing will be posted on the Vectrus website shortly after completion of the call, and will remain available for one year. A telephonic replay will also be available through August 22, 2017, at 844-512-2921 (domestic) or 412-317-6671 (international) with passcode 13667564.
About VectrusVectrus is a leading, global government services company with a history in the services market that dates back more than 70 years. The company provides facility and logistics services, and information technology and network communication services to U.S. government customers around the world. Vectrus is differentiated by operational excellence, superior program performance, a history of long-term customer relationships, and a strong commitment to their mission success. Vectrus is headquartered in Colorado Springs, Colo., and includes about 5,600 employees spanning 143 locations in 18 countries. In 2016, Vectrus generated sales of $1.2 billion. For more information, visit our website at www.vectrus.com or connect with us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
Investors:Mike Smith719-637-5773michael.smith@vectrus.com
 
View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/vectrus-to-report-second-quarter-2017-financial-results-300493362.html
SOURCE Vectrus, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.vectrus.com



 


















Jun 12, 2017, 09:00 ET
Preview: Vectrus named 2017 Best for Vets Employer








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jun 12, 2017, 09:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Vectrus named 2017 Best for Vets Employer








 











Jun 06, 2017, 09:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Vectrus CEO to present at Drexel Hamilton Aerospace & Defense...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Computer Electronics
  Aerospace & Defense
  Networks
Earnings Forecasts & Projections








 You just read:
Vectrus to report second-quarter 2017 financial results


 News provided by
Vectrus, Inc.  
Jul 25, 2017, 08:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 























 



 Vectrus announces $21 million AFCAP Task Order win 
         










    










 













 











 



















Vectrus announces $21 million AFCAP Task Order win
        																																																														
              
















 News provided by
Vectrus  
Aug 26, 2016, 06:00 ET









 Share this article




























































COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Aug. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Vectrus Systems Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vectrus, Inc. (NYSE:   VEC), was awarded a $21 million installation services contract in support of the U.S. Air Force at Al Udeid Air Base (AB) in Qatar. The contract includes a base year and two and a half years of potential option periods and will be performed at Al Udeid AB, Qatar, in support of Central Command headquarters, the Air Force 379th Expeditionary Force Support Squadron and 379th Expeditionary Medical Group.








"We have recently undertaken a number of efforts to reorganize the business development functions at Vectrus to improve effectiveness in our pursuits," said Ken Hunzeker, chief executive officer at Vectrus. "We are very pleased to see these efforts result in a task order win on the U.S. Air Force Contract Augmentation Program IV contract vehicle and we look forward to providing outstanding installation services at Al Udeid AB."
The task order encompasses the full spectrum of installation services and will specifically include maintenance, custodial, lodging, recreation services, and hospital aseptic services. The contract will begin on Sept. 20, 2016. 
About Vectrus
Vectrus is a leading, global government services company with a history in the services market that dates back more than 70 years. The company provides infrastructure asset management, information technology and network communication services, and logistics and supply chain management services to U.S. government customers around the world. Vectrus is differentiated by operational excellence, superior program performance, a history of long-term customer relationships, and a strong commitment to their mission success. Vectrus is headquartered in Colorado Springs, Colo., and includes more than 6,000 employees spanning 132 locations in 18 countries. In 2015, Vectrus generated sales of $1.2 billion. For more information, visit our website at http://www.vectrus.com or connect with us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and YouTube.  
Contacts:MediaGeorge Rhynedance(719) 637-4182 george.rhynedance@vectrus.com
InvestorsMike Smith(719) 637-5773michael.smith@vectrus.com
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160621/382112LOGO 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/vectrus-announces-21-million-afcap-task-order-win-300318674.html
SOURCE  Vectrus
 Related Links

http://www.vectrus.com



 

















Sep 26, 2016, 06:00 ET
Preview: Vectrus awarded prime seat on Navy's Global Contingency Services Multiple Award Contract




















Jul 27, 2016, 07:00 ET
Preview: Vectrus to announce 2016 second-quarter financial results








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 24, 2017, 08:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Vectrus Wins $97 Million Keesler Air Force Base Contract








 











Jul 13, 2017, 09:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Vectrus Sites Awarded Facility of the Year by Defense Information...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Computer Electronics
  Computer Software
  Aerospace & Defense
Contracts








 You just read:
Vectrus announces $21 million AFCAP Task Order win


 News provided by
Vectrus  
Aug 26, 2016, 06:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 











BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.















































Vectron International – Manufacturer of precision oscillators for Communication, Industrial, Military & Space applications

































Search text:






Contact us

|

Login

|




|



















Our company



Overview
Vectron mission
Vectron locations
Knowles




Quality overview
ISO certificates
RoHS/lead-free initiatives
Change Notifications (PCNs)




Contact us

Distributors
Careers




Investor relations
Products



OCXO/EMXO
TCXO
VCSO
VCXO
XO (Crystal Oscillators)
Precision XO
MEMS
Rubidium Standards




Precision Crystals
Standard Crystals
SAW Filters
Crystal and LC Filters
Frequency Translation/Jitter Attenuation
Disciplined Oscillators
GNSS Receivers




1588 Oscillators
Holdover Oscillators
Stratum 3/3E Oscillators
Space & Hi-Rel Oscillators/Filters
MIL 55310 QPL Clocks
High Temp Oscillators
Sensor Products




Low Phase Noise
High Stability
High Shock & Vibration
Low g–sensitivity
Ultra Low Jitter Clocks

Technical Resources
Application Notes
Brochures
Reference Data




Markets

Wireless

Macro Base Stations
Small Cells
Backhaul


Wireline

SONET/SDH/Synchronous Ethernet
IEEE-1588 Version 2
40G / 100G / 400G


Military & Space

Space & Hi-Rel
Radar
Radio Communications
Avionics
Command & Control
Missiles & Precision Guided Munitions


Industrial

GNSS Filters
Test & Measurement
Medical
Data Storage
Energy




Newsroom






































Low phase noise


Highstability


High shock& vibration


Lowg-sensitivity


Extended Temp Range







Download White Paper:High Power SAW Filters


Download Tutorial:Oscillators to Support 1588 Timing






A world leader

							Vectron is a world leader in the design, manufacture and marketing of Frequency Control, Sensor, and Hybrid Product solutions using the very latest techniques in both bulk acoustic wave (BAW) and surface acoustic wave (SAW) based designs from DC to microwave frequencies. 
						
Learn more 





Latest news

08.02.17
Smallest Hi–Rel Clock on the Market Now Available with Leads
07.10.17
Ultra Low Power Real Time Clock for High Temp Applications
06.06.17
VS–800; 3GHz 5x3.2 VCSO Sample and Mass Production Ready

View all 


Advanced Product Search

General Product andReference Design Data Sheet Search











Additional links

Sengenuity Sensor Engines
Knowles
Subscribe to Our Newsletter




Privacy policy | 
				Cookie policy | 
				Terms of service | 
				Contact | 
				Careers |
                Newsletter Subscribe |
                Blog
© Copyright 2017 Vectron













BBB Southern Colorado





















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




06/29/17


Colorado’s Better Business Bureaus to sign a Memorandum of Understanding with the Colorado Small Business Development Center



06/20/17


Better Business Bureau of Southern Colorado hires new  Community Outreach Specialist for Pueblo



05/18/17


BBB encourages updating software to prevent ransomeware



05/04/17


5th Annual Small Business Week presented by U.S. Bank Award Winners Announced



 More Local News »





                        Search the Accredited Business Directory
                    












File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 Advertisements








Internet Marketing Experts







High Point Roofing







Integrity Roofing & Painting







Age-Friendly Business Certification



























MORE »


BBB Military Line®

Consumer education and advocacy for Active Duty, National Guard, Reserve, DoD Civilians, Retirees and their families.







































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.


















































BBB Business Profile | Vectrus, Inc. | Accreditation




















Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Defense Contractors
 > 
Vectrus, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Vectrus, Inc.



Submit a Review

































Vectrus, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(719) 637-4182

Vectrus, Inc.
2 years in business

        655 Space Center Drive
        Colorado Springs, CO 80915
    




                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 09/29/2014
            

                Business Started: 09/27/2014





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    




            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Mr. George Rhynedance, Vice President
                





            Business Category
        


                Defense Contractors
            






            Products & Services
        
        This company offers missile defense logistics...

    




 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Vectrus, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Vectrus, Inc.
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 

















Vectrus Inc - NYSE:VEC - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet




























 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street










































 

















Vectrus Inc (VEC)
Follow




                                    33.32
                                

0.15
0.45




                        NYSE : Services
                    

Aug 3, 2017 10:48 AM EDT












Prev Close
  33.17


Open
33.26


Day Low/High

                                    32.92 /
                                    33.76


52 Wk Low/High

                                    12.50 /
                                    35.58
                                


Volume
13.02K


Avg Volume 
99.10K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
10.94M


Market Cap
376.50M


EPS
2.20


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            16.00
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News














Vectrus To Report Second-quarter 2017 Financial Results
















Vectrus Wins $97 Million Keesler Air Force Base Contract













Vectrus Named 2017 Best For Vets Employer


Jun 12, 2017 9:00 AM EDT









Tech bubble trouble?
Tech valuations still remain pretty reasonable

Jun 1, 2017 12:01 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,200 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  SOHO, TM, VEC, WWW
    
Downgrades:  BID, FF, GWPH
    
Initiations:  None
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

May 11, 2017 11:00 AM EDT









Vectrus Wins $115 Million Information Technology Contract


Apr 26, 2017 4:15 PM EDT









Vectrus To Report First-quarter 2017 Financial Results


Apr 25, 2017 5:00 PM EDT









Vectrus Earns Spot On The 2017 Military Friendly® Employers List


Apr 20, 2017 4:15 PM EDT









Vectrus Ombudsperson Wins International Compliance Award


Apr 5, 2017 5:57 PM EDT









Vectrus Wins Maxwell Base Operations Support Re-compete Contract


Mar 17, 2017 8:00 AM EDT









Vectrus Statement On Army's Notice Of Intent To Extend The K-BOSSS Contract


Mar 17, 2017 7:55 AM EDT









Vectrus Statement On Cancellation Of Kuwait Base Operations And Security Support Services 2.0 (K-BOSSS Re-compete) Solicitation


Mar 7, 2017 8:06 PM EST









Vectrus To Announce 2016 Fourth-Quarter And Full-Year Financial Results


Feb 17, 2017 5:13 PM EST









Vectrus Announces $14 Million AFCAP Task Order Win


Feb 14, 2017 4:30 PM EST













Vectrus Becomes Oversold (VEC)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Nov 8, 2016 12:20 PM EST









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ARI, BA, BSX, PIH, SCCO, TER, TIF, VLRS
    
Downgrades:  AIT, KO, NWSA, POL, PPC, VEC 
    
Initiations:  SMBK
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Oct 27, 2016 11:00 AM EDT













Vectrus (VEC) Stock Tumbles, Army Rejects Contract Proposal
Vectrus (VEC) applied to offer support services to the U.S. Army facilities in Kuwait, but its contract proposal was denied.

Sep 30, 2016 3:52 PM EDT













Vectrus is Now Oversold
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Sep 1, 2016 12:13 PM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  CEB, CFG, HTGC, IHS, JD, MTH, PEB, TRMK, VEC
    
Downgrades:  None
    
Initiations:  None
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Apr 14, 2016 11:00 AM EDT













Vectrus Opens New Office In Reston, Va.
Will Focus on Expanding Information Technology and Network Opportunities

Feb 1, 2016 6:00 AM EST













Vectrus CEO To Present At Cowen Conference Feb. 3


Jan 19, 2016 4:15 PM EST













Vectrus Earns Position In Top 100 Military Friendly® Employers List


Jan 6, 2016 7:00 AM EST













Vectrus is Now Oversold (VEC)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Dec 21, 2015 12:17 PM EST













Vectrus Announces $145 Million Contract Award


Nov 25, 2015 7:30 AM EST













Vectrus Posts Strong Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results


Nov 4, 2015 4:40 PM EST













Vectrus To Announce 2015 Third-Quarter Financial Results


Oct 21, 2015 8:00 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  AMT, AWH, COB, DVA, FOXF
    
Downgrades:  EVHC, HAWK, ILMN
    
Initiations:  BNK, VEC
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Oct 19, 2015 11:00 AM EDT













Vectrus Appoints IT And Network Communication Leader


Oct 12, 2015 11:00 AM EDT













Vectrus Announces Two Contract Awards


Oct 2, 2015 1:30 PM EDT













Vectrus CEO To Present At 6th Annual Credit Suisse Small & Mid-Cap Conference, Sept. 17


Sep 11, 2015 11:00 AM EDT












Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 10:48 AM EDT 8/3/2017


C
(Hold)






Get the (VEC) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Vectrus (VEC) Presents At Drexel Hamilton 4th Annual Aerospace & Defense Institutional Investor Conference - Slideshow

SeekingAlpha



Vectrus upgraded to Buy from Hold at Drexel Hamilton

The Fly



Vectrus beats by $0.14, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Defense Sector Update March 20-26: Northrop Grumman And Effective Communication Skills

SeekingAlpha



Midday Gainers / Losers

SeekingAlpha



Vectrus 2016 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

SeekingAlpha



Vectrus misses by $0.01, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Vectrus appoints Charles L. Prow President and CEO

SeekingAlpha



Vectrus 2016 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

SeekingAlpha



Vectrus beats by $0.05, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



You Must Be Crazy! (YMBC) -A Small Cap Value, High Yield Portfolio - Q3 2016 Review

SeekingAlpha



Vectrus - Selloff Sleeper Presents Attractive Opportunity

SeekingAlpha



Midday Gainers / Losers

SeekingAlpha



Vectrus initiated with a Hold at Stifel

The Fly



Midday Gainers / Losers

SeekingAlpha




















TheStreet
Quant Rating:

C (Hold)



Get the (VEC) Report Here 










 








Trending


Elon Musk Reveals Tons of People Have Canceled Tesla Model 3 Orders, Proving Several Key Things


Apple Has Discovered a Secret Pool of People That Really Want to Use iPads


It Has Gotten So Sad for Costco and Sam's Club They Are Discounting Stuff on Groupon


Tim Cook on Trump's Claim that Apple Is Building 3 U.S. Factories: 'There's More We Can Do'


Shares of Tesla Are Approaching a Big Breakout Trade











Advertising Partners
 
 
 
 













 












 


































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers
 
 
 
 
 
 













News on Vectrus, Inc.































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology
















                                Organization                            


                                        Vectrus, Inc.                                        ▼





                                Topic                            


                                        All Topics                                        ▼








People

                                    Find news about people
                                





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Vectrus, Inc.











Vectrus Sites Awarded Facility of the Year by Defense Information Systems Agency-Europe


                                July 13, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Multiple sites operated by Vectrus within the Department of Defense Information Network, were selected as Facility of ...
                                









Kelvin R. Coppock is no longer serving in their position at Vectrus, Inc.


                                July 3, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Vectrus named 2017 Best for Vets Employer


                                June 12, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Military Timesselects Vectrus, Inc. (NYSE: VEC) for its "Best for Vets: Employers 2017" rankings. Based ...
                                









Vectrus CEO to present at Drexel Hamilton Aerospace & Defense Conference, June 15


                                June 6, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Vectrus, Inc., (NYSE: VEC) CEOChuck Prowwill address theDrexel HamiltonAerospace & Defense Conferenceat The Westin ...
                                









Vectrus Announces First Quarter 2017 Results


                                May 9, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Vectrus, Inc. (NYSE:VEC) announced first quarter 2017 financial results. For the first quarter, revenue ...
                                









Vectrus, Inc. filed form 10-Q


                                May 9, 2017                                 • 
                                SEC                            










Vectrus earns spot on the 2017 Military Friendly® Employers List


                                April 20, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... hiring practices and retention programs for transitioning service members seeking civilian employment. "Vectrus is a leading employer of veterans with more than 35 percent of ...
                                









Vectrus Ombudsperson Wins International Compliance Award


                                April 5, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Vectrus, Inc. (NYSE: VEC) announced that Jennifer McPherson, Ombudsperson, received the Compliance Officer of ...
                                









Vectrus Statement on Army's Notice of Intent to Extend the K-BOSSS Contract


                                March 17, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Vectrus, Inc. (NYSE: VEC), announced today that the U.S. Government published a Notice of ...
                                









Vectrus Statement on Cancellation of Kuwait Base Operations and Security Support Services 2.0 (K-BOSSS re-compete) Solicitation


                                March 7, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Vectrus, Inc. (NYSE:VEC) was informed today that the U.S. Government has cancelled the solicitation ...
                                









Vectrus, Inc. filed form 10-K


                                March 1, 2017                                 • 
                                SEC                            










Vectrus Announces Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Results; Issues 2017 Guidance


                                March 1, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Vectrus, Inc. (NYSE:VEC) announced fourth quarter and full-year 2016 financial results. For the fourth ...
                                









PAE Holding appoints president of technical services business unit


                                January 2, 2017                                 • 
                                Marketline Newswire                            


                                  ... and Logistics Services.Prior to his role at Vectrus, which spun out of Exelis in 2014, Chuck served as the Businesses Area vice president and General ...
                                









Vectrus taps ex-IBM vet to be president, CEO 


                                December 7, 2016                                 • 
                                ICT Monitor Worldwide                            


                                  ... Vectrus Inc. has appointed Charles Prow to the position of president and chief ...
                                









Mattson and Company, Board Advisors Announces CEO Succession Completion for Vectrus Inc.


                                December 6, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... talent selection and effective board governance has recently completed an engagement with Vectrus Inc. that has resulted in the hiring of Charles "Chuck" Prow as ...
                                









Vectrus announces contract modification at Maxwell AFB


                                November 21, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... �Vectrus Systems Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vectrus, Inc. (NYSE: VEC), has been awarded a $20 million modification for continued base ...
                                









Vectrus, Inc. filed form 10-Q


                                November 8, 2016                                 • 
                                SEC                            










Vectrus reduces Colorado Springs workforce by 64; announces realignment of effort


                                October 18, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Vectrus, Inc. (NYSE: VEC), announced a corporate reduction in force and a realignment of ...
                                









PAE and Vectrus Announce Joint Venture Partnership for LOGCAP V


                                October 4, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... VEC), have announced the creation of a joint venture partnership - PAE Vectrus - to pursue the U.S. Army's Logistics Civil Augmentation Program V (LOGCAP ...
                                









Vectrus statement on Army award of Kuwait Base Operations and Security Support Services 2.0 Award


                                September 29, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... �Vectrus, Inc. (NYSE: VEC) announced today the government did not select the company's contract ...
                                









Vectrus CEO to present at 7th Annual Credit Suisse Small & Mid-Cap Conference, Sept. 14


                                September 8, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Vectrus, Inc., (NYSE: VEC) CEOKen Hunzeker will address the 7th Annual Credit Suisse Small ...
                                









Vectrus Statement on Army Award of Pre-Positioned Stocks-5 Contract


                                September 1, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... �Vectrus, Inc. (NYSE: VEC) announced today the government did not select the company's contract ...
                                









Harris reports net income for Q4, provides guidance for fiscal 2017


                                August 11, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketline Newswire                            


                                  ... ended July 3, 2015. "Our results reflect our continued success in integrating Exelis and achieving our targets for synergy savings and earnings accretion," said William ...
                                









Vectrus, Inc. filed form 10-Q


                                August 9, 2016                                 • 
                                SEC                            










Harris Corporation Reports Fiscal 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Fiscal Year Results 


                                August 4, 2016                                 • 
                                ENP Newswire                            


                                  ... million. Fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2015 results included results of Exelis operations only for the partial period following the May 29, 2015 acquisition ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Board and Executive Moves involving Vectrus, Inc.







Alumni of Vectrus, Inc.







Vectrus, Inc.

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













