










VARTEKS D.D., Clothes, men's, Fabric design, Secretarial services, on EUROPAGES.























Please wait...









BACK TO RESULTS





VARTEKS D.D.















Company websites





www



Website1
















Business activity



Keywords associated with this company



Clothes, men's
Fabric design
Secretarial services
Hunting and fishing clothes










Additional details


Edit my company's contents



Key figures



> 500
company headcount


> 50.000 K€
Sales turnover






Organisation



Year established
1918


Site status


					
						Registered office
					
					
				








Markets and trading zones

Trading areas
This company has not supplied these details.



Import zones
Export zones

Awaiting import & export zones from this company
Awaiting import & export zones from this company









Commercial information

Incoterms
This company has not supplied these details.

Payment methods
This company has not supplied these details.

Banks
This company has not supplied these details.








A similar page for your company?
Make sure everyone can find you. Create your dedicated company page on EUROPAGES - it's easy!

Add your company


EUROPAGES also recommends


A selection of companies related to the activity: Clothes, men's







KIDDYSTORES





					ChildrenswearFRANCE








SPORT WEISS





					SportswearGERMANY








QUEEN OF CATWALK GMBH





					Clothing - import-exportGERMANY








NUWEAVES COLLECTION





					Carpets, handmadeINDIA








CLASSIK INTERNATIONAL





					International trade consultantsINDIA







A selection of products that might interest you




							men's t-shirts
							



VIEW THE PRODUCT PAGE

KIDDYSTORES




							men's polo t- shirts
							



VIEW THE PRODUCT PAGE

SPS IMPEX




							Green Indian Traditional Cotton Wear Pyjama Ethnic Men's Des
							



VIEW THE PRODUCT PAGE

IBA CRAFTS PRIVATE LIMITED






		
		3 v 
	





Contact the company



VARTEKS D.D.


Zagrebacka 94 
42000 Varazdin
Croatia






Send a message



http://www.varteks.com




See phone number
+385 42 37 77 77


The team



			Others

See phone number

								+385 42 37 77 77
								
							


See fax number

								+385 42 37 73 95
								
							

















VARTEKS D.D.

Varazdin - 42000
Croatia



Send a message

See phone number
+385 42 37 77 77


http://www.varteks.com








Create your account for free to update your data and increase your visibility

Visibility
Contents
Ranking


Here are the company performance indicatorsVARTEKS D.D.
Your indicators are as low as they can get. Update your data and add content (text, logo, keywords) to increase your visibility and ranking.

I create my account
in 5 fast, free and easy steps

		the Blog VARTEKS D.D.,
register your company now!





HELPDESK













Varteks d.d. Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Varteks d.d.This is a community generated profile and may be incomplete.SUGGEST EDITSVVarteks d.d.LocationVARA?DIN, CroatiaRevenue$37.5mTotal Funding$–Founded-Employees2,000StageprivateCompany Websitewww.varteks.com/LinkedIn–Varteks vodeća hrvatska modna kompanijaKeywordsapparel and accessories,retail,textiles and apparel,consumer goods,manufacturingRecent News from Varteks d.d.No recent news on Varteks d.d. could be found.Submit recent news for Varteks d.d.Business Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service







 Varteks D D Varazdin, Croatia | Supplier Data
Datamyne



























































Making trade data work for you





Countries  
Croatia  
Supplier Starts With V

 




VARTEKS D D


Varazdin, Croatia 
 
 
 







12 Month Supply Chain Summary            
(July 23, 2016 ─ July 23, 2017)

VARTEKS D D supplied 4 shipments to the US since Jul 23, 2016.




Top Importer



 The Kooples 
1
Importers for this supplier for the last 12 months






Top HS Code Products



620331 -  M/ B Suit-type Jackets And Blazers of Wool,  NT Knit 61 -  Apparel Articles And Accessories,  Knit or Crochet 









Top Carriers



 Austromar Obchodni A Dopravni Spol S R O 






Top Ports of Departure



 Stade, Stadersand, Hamburg, Germany 










Top Countries of Origin



 Croatia 




Alternative content for the map














See all shipments for  Varteks D D when you subscribe to Datamyne.




How Datamyne Benefits You


Datamyne covers the trade of some 50 countries across 5 continents, as well as the details of US import and export commerce with over 230 trading partners. Original US import bills are available online one day after we receive them from Customs, making our US import data the earliest available anywhere.
Easily access our database via a web-based interface that speeds and simplifies trade data research, delivering the information you need for successful marketing, prospecting and sourcing strategies.
See why more than 3,000 professionals are using Datamyne today.
Request a Demo






Take our Tour





 Product  Overview 
Plans and Pricing 
Why Choose Datamyne? 












Easy access, with expert support, to the largest searchable trade database in the world.
















                Search US import details FREE for companies like:              





VARTEKS D D                  





First Name



Last Name





Company



Email



Country  
                        
United States
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Phone





                          I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy






Get My Free Search
















 















































Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.

















Electric Hoist, AC Winch, DC Winch, Self Recovery Winch, Winch and Hoist Manufacturer, Car Winch Manufacturer, Winch Accessories Manufacturer 


























   
 Chi Zong Machine Co., Ltd. was established in 1979, we have been the leading manufacturer of compact electric hoist and winch in Taiwan. 
DUKE is the brand we are selling worldwide, while STRONG is our domestic brand in Taiwan. 
 
Our product range as follows: 
AC Power: Electric Wire Rope Winch, Electric Chain Hoist 
DC Power: Off-Road Winch..ATV & UTV winch 
Battery Type: Battery Wire Rope Winch, Battery Chain Hoist 
We also provide OEM/ODM solutions for customizations.. 
 
With strict quality control, e...
more


























																	ELECTRIC MINI WIRE WINCH
																


 











																	ELECTROMAGNETISM
																


 











																	ELECTRIC MINI CHAIN HOIST
																


 











																	ELECTRIC INVERSION CHAIN HOIST
																


 











																	BATTERY BABY WINCH
																


 











																	BATTERY BABY CHAIN HOIST
																


 











																	COMPACT WINCH
																


 











																	ELECTRIC CHAIN HOIST
																


 












more









search







2014 INTERNATIONALE 
We sincerely invite you to vist us at BOOTH No.G-070


Ex... 


NEW PRODUCTS   
"NEW PRODUCTS"
 BATTERY BABY WINCH
MODEL:DCW-250... 

more 








			
TEL：+886-2-2267-7370   |   FAX：+886-2-2267-7380   |   E-MAIL：sales@duke-winch.com    |   SKYPE：dukewinch
Web： www.duke-winch.com   |  ADD： 6, TATUNG ST., TUCHENG DIST., NEW TAIPEI CITY 23679, TAIWAN   
    Copyright © 2009 CHI ZONG MACHINE CO., LTD.  |  The website requires the at least IE7 or below IE7
			
Web Design 










B2B@EUSAIR Forum 2016 - Varteks d.d. 
























 


 




 



HomeHow It WorksProgrammeAccomodationContactLogin





 Nikola Prpic    , Key account manager at Varteks d.d. 
http://www.varteks.com, www.dicaprio.hr 



Bilateral Meetings

May 12, 2016   9:00 a.m - 12:00 p.m.






Organization Information
Cooperation Profile(s) 1 



Varteks d.d. is a 98 years old textile company that was founded in Varaždin, Croatia. Over the past 98 years company was constantly growing and developing which resulted in Varteks d.d. being the leader in men and woman clothing production. One of our main competitive advantages is quality which is a result of almost a century long tradition, but more important it is result of high quality standards that must be fulfilled. Also, it is important to mention that complete production is located in Varaždin, and we are proud to say that Varteks has a 100% domestic product. 
Our 3 main divisions are as follow: fashion business division, corporate clothing and special purpose clothing division, production services division. 
More about Varteks you can find on http://www.varteks.com/en/about-us/the-story-of-Varteks and www.dicaprio.hr  (both sites are currently under re-design, we expect to have a new look by the end of April). 

Country: Croatia
Organization Type:
                Other, 
Phone: +385 98 412 687
Email:  nprpic@varteks.com
City: Varaždin  ,Zagrebačka 94 Google map





Offer & Request
Business and causual cloths, special purpose cloths
There are couple possible ways for business cooperation Varteks can offer: 
1. Opening Di Caprio by Varteks shop
2. Placing Di Caprio/Varteks International corners in existing shops
3. Offer to become a top distributor for Varteks brands
4. B2B tailored made suits/costumes for banks, insurance companies, hotels etc as well as production of special equipment clothing for government service (police, military). 











TalkB2B.net | The Brokerage Event Platform |                          Privacy Policy


Privacy Policy

This policy covers how we use your personal information you submit during the payment procedure. Any payment-related information received will only be used to fill your order. We will not sell or redistribute it to anyone. We take your privacy seriously and will take all measures to protect such information.

Keep in mind that Conference and web site are about networking. When you register to attend the conference and submit data about your company, cooperation profiles, contact information and any other information, you agree that this information be publicly available on the conference website and printed material during the event,  and that other registered participants can send you  meeting requests for b2b sessions.



 

 



 








Varteks d.d. Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 

















Home  Company reports search  Varteks d.d.     







 


 Croatia                
Varteks d.d.
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Apparel Manufacturing
Available in: English
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Headquarters
                                94 Zagrebacka Str.                                
                                Varazdin;                                Varazdin;                                Map 
                                                                    Postal Code: 42000                                                            

Tel: +385-42-377-
Fax: +385-42-377-




Email:
@varteks.com                            

Website:
http://www.varteks.com 



 

Company Description                    




                        Varteks d.d. is a Croatian fashion company with almost 100 years of tradition. Its product portfolio includes mainly clothing items and various accessories. It has its own brands, including DI CAPRIO, EDORA, VARTEKS INTERNATIONAL, FOCUS.                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 

fuga mobilya
fuga mobilya
fuga mobilya
fuga mobilya
fuga mobilya
fuga mobilya
fuga mobilya
fuga mobilya
fuga mobilya
fuga mobilya
fuga mobilya
fuga mobilya
fuga mobilya









Varteks d.d. and Čateks d.d. sign Strategie Alliance Agreement for joint appearance on the domestic and foreign market



































LOGIN





  NEWSFrom CroatiaFrom textile economyFrom textile scienceOther Textile News  ADDRESSESSearch indexCategoriesSME/LE CompaniesAdd new entry  RESEARCHEquipmentProjectsNational projects at TTFEU projectsBILATERAL PROJECTSFP - 7 PROJECTSEUREKA PROJECTSOTHER PROJECTS  SERVICES  FORUM  LINKS  DOWNLOAD  ABOUT US
REGISTRATION









Home  NEWS  From textile economy  Varteks d.d. and Čateks d.d. sign Strategie Alliance Agreement for joint appearance on the domestic and foreign market














 
Varteks d.d. and Čateks d.d. sign Strategie Alliance Agreement for joint appearance on the domestic and foreign market



Thursday, 13 October 2011 00:00 |   



The president of the Management Board of Varteks, d.d., Zoran Košćec, and the president of the Management Board of Čateks, Damir Vitez, signed a Strategic Alliance Agreement between Varteks and Čateks in Varaždin today with the aim to link primary production and to establish partnership relations between the two companies for a joint appearance on the domestic and foreign market.
The strategic alliance between Varteks and Čateks represents a proactive measure aiming to protect indispensable jobs and to strengthen cooperation between the two largest textile companies in Croatia by using their own resources as fundamental cornerstones to create prerequisites for a competitive market appearance and public procurement procedures. 


Varteks and Čateks are the two largest and oldest textile companies in Croatia, with a world-renowned quality and tradition. Varteks d.d. is the leading Croatian fashion company in garment and wool fabric production, while Čateks d.d. is the leading Croatian producer of cotton and technical fabrics, artificial leather, household linen as well as sports and recreation products. Both companies place their products on the domestic and the foreign market. Varteks generates about half of its revenues on the foreign market, while Čateks exports about 60 percent of its products.
"Linking the primary production of two companies with a vertical business organization is a lever for creating better and stronger prerequisites for a competitive market appearance and thus also public procurement procedures, whereby conditions are created to ensure a comprehensive consumables and garment offer. Our tradition and quality, production resources and assortment as well as our employees guarantee that as a partner we can offer ideas and projects through which we will realize, along with constructive cooperation with domestic partners, significant progress and new deals, not only on the regional market, but also in countries in the European Union", said Zoran Košćec, the president of the Management Board of Varteks d.d.
"Varteks and Čateks are the two largest and oldest textile companies in Croatia, with a world-renowned quality and tradition and references on the domestic and the foreign market. Together they employ around 3,000 people and as such they play a significant role in the economies of the two counties, but also the Croatian economy as a whole. By merging production and human resources through this strategic alliance which represents an extraordinary contribution not only to the textile industry, but also to the economy as a whole, Varteks and Čateks wish to create a quality lever for competitiveness on the domestic and the foreign market", said Damir Vitez, the president of the Management Board of Čateks d.d.
 
ABOUT VARTEKS AND ČATEKS 
Varteks is the leading fashion company in Croatia and has been present on the domestic and the foreign market for almost a century. With 2,300 employees it is a significant economic factor and the biggest employer in the Croatian textile industry.
Over the course of its more than 90 years of existence, Varteks has grown into a leader in garment production which has produced more than 100 million suits, maintaining traditional values while striving at the same time towards new and added values. Apart from developing and producing its own brands Di Caprio and Varteks International, Varteks also produces for renowned partners such as Versace, Valentino and Hugo Boss, and over the past fifteen years it has been at the top of this fashion company's best contractor list. Quality, experience and tradition are inwrought in each of its garments. Apart from the fashion segment, Varteks has been successfully cooperating with numerous state institutions on public procurement deals since Croatia's independence.
In accordance with market trends, Varteks's development activities are tied to the development of its own brands and the assortment offered on the domestic market, sales unit standardization (more than 80 sales units in Croatia) and the opening of new markets. Varteks is continuously working on strengthening existing sales aspects, but also on developing new ones. One of the development projects focuses on the B2B segment (sales aspect linked to corporate clothing and the production of special-purpose garments), which has been marking significant revenue growth and positive business effects. Varteks realizes about half of its revenues on European and global markets.
Cateks d.d. is a company with a longstanding tradition in the textile industry and it is one of the oldest companies in Croatia - it was founded in 1874. Through capital investments over the past ten years and by continuously developing new products, Cateks has become a market leader in this part of Europe in the production of fabrics and technical materials.
The company's production program is based on the production and finishing of cotton fabrics and special-purpose fabrics (military, police), the production of technical fabrics (fabrics with special characteristics) and laminated materials (with breathable membranes) as well as product confectioning, which constitutes a complete process with value-added products.
Cateks exports more than 65% of its products, and aiming for even better market positioning it has introduced a new brand called Compago under which four brands will be sold: Defend (military and police program), Protect (protection program), Medical (medical program) and Home (household linen program).
 
Source:http://www.varteks.hr 


























Who's Online





 We have 6 guests online
    






 




___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Copyright © 2009 T-pot(TTF)*All Rights Reserved. 
 Portal search | Portal design by Slavica Bogović | webmaster | Contact 












Varteks D D
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Varteks D D, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Varteks D D

Varteks D.d exports to The Kooples Usa Inc through the port of New York/newark Area, Newark, New Jersey        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Varteks D D and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 SHIN CATERPILLAR MITSUBISHI        
 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS CENTER
 LULULEMON USA INC
 DISNEY THEME PARK MERCHANDISE (OLD
 GENERAL MOTORS CANADA LIMITED
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Varteks D D
Varteks D.d exports to The Kooples Usa Inc through the port of New York/newark Area, Newark, New Jersey


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



VARTEKS D.D
ZAGREBACKA 94 VARAZDIN 42000 HR


THE KOOPLES USA
500 5TH AVENUE, STE#2330 NEW YORK NY 10110 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



TIGERS (USA) GLOBAL LOGISTICS
ONE CROSS ISLAND PLAZA, STE 205 TEL 347-676-7750 , FAX 347-426-4346



NO MARKS AND NUMBERS
NO MARKS AND NUMBERS





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



NYKSPRGS00629200


NYKU5658035
NYKU5658035


Product Description




MENS TROUSERS AND JACKETS
MENS TROUSERS AND JACKETS









Bill of LadingAOAEA1NYC166953Arrival Date2016-06-18Weight (LB)530Weight (KG)241Quantity18 PKGContainer Count1Voyage No.047WPort of LoadingSTADEPort of DischargeNEW YORK/NEWARK AREA, NEWARK, NEW JERSEYVessel NameVANCOUVER EXPRESSCarrier CodeAOAECountry Of OriginGermanyPlace Of ReceiptPRAGUE 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Varteks D D. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Varteks D D has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Varteks D D







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Varteks D D
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Gilberston Page Limited                                



                                    Wuxi Lotton Bearing Co.,lt                                



                                    Shanghai Real Trading Co Ltd                                



                                    Temeka L.carter                                



                                    Mondetta C/o Mountain Equipment                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3655
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X

















Varteks d.d. - SeeNews - Business intelligence for Southeast Europe













































See news






News


By country


Albania


Bosnia & Herzegovina


Bulgaria


Croatia


Kosovo


Macedonia


Moldova


Montenegro


Romania


Serbia


Slovenia



By industry


Agriculture


Automobiles


Banking/Financial services


Construction/Real estate


Energy


IT


Machine/Engineering


Pharmaceuticals


Telecommunications


Tourism


Transport


Wholesale/Retail



By topic


Corporate financials


Corporate strategy


EU issues


Economy


Government contracts


M&A


Markets


Politics


Production capacity






Companies


Reports


Dashboards

Top 100
Research



Go to next story:





Login




Get basic or premium access
                                            
Subscribe
































All sections
News
Companies
Industry report
Media monitoring report
Media analysis report
Macroeconomic report
Broker report
Tender report
Regulation report




All dates
last day
last week
last month
last 3 months
last year






 


 


 







Search













Varteks d.d.











Summary





Company ID (NIN)


070004039




Company owner / manager



Other
Individuals





Country


Croatia






Capital


111,040,350




Total assets


454,154,597.728586




Net lost for the period


9,072,058






Report year


2015




Currency


HRK




Industry


Clothing







Southeastern Europe Company Index (SEECI)





What is SEECI?













General information






About Varteks d.d.



	Varteks d.d. is a Croatian clothing producer.


	Last updated on June 21, 2017.



Meta info




                                        Status
                                    

                                        Active
                                    



                                        Legal form
                                    

                                        Joint Stock Company
                                    



                                        Incorporation date
                                    

                                        Nov. 18, 1918
                                    



                                        NIN
                                    

                                        070004039
                                    



                                        Tickers
                                    

                                        VART-R-1
                                    



                                        Stock Exchange
                                    

                                        Zagreb Stock Exchange
                                    



                                        ISIN
                                    

                                        HRVARTR10005
                                    



                                        Profile last updated
                                    

                                        June 21, 2017, 8:12 p.m.
                                    





Alternative names


Varteks JSC;Varteks varazdinska tekstilna industrija d.d. 








History



	Nov 18, 1918 - Tekstilna Tvornica Varazdin is established in Varazdin, northern Croatia.

	1948 - Tekstilna Tvornica Varazdin changes name to Varteks d.d.

	Dec 31, 1995 - Varteks d.d. takes over local company Varteks-Vartimpeks d.o.o.

	Dec 27, 1996 - Varteks d.d. takes over local company Varteks-Odjece d.o.o. 

	Oct 22,1999 - Varteks d.d. takes over local companies Varteks-Denim d.o.o. and Varteks-Tiskara d.o.o.

	2003 - The company lists on the Zagreb Stock Exchange.

	2011 - The company sets up its fully-owned subsidiaries Varteks Odjeca d.o.o., Varteks Bednja d.o.o. and Varteks Ludbreg d.o.o.

	January 2013 - Varteks d.d. takes over its fully-owned subsidiaries Varteks Odjeca d.o.o., Varteks Bednja d.o.o. and Varteks Ludbreg d.o.o., which cease to exist as separate legal entities.

	Feb 5, 2013 - The Zagreb Financial Agency launches pre-bankruptcy settlement against hte company.

	 

Last updated on June 21, 2017.








Related data



Latest news about current company profiile




Atlantska Plovidba leads blue-chip gainers on Zagreb bourse, indices mostly rise

26 June 2017 19:02 CEST



Varteks leads blue-chip gainers on Zagreb bourse, share indices rise

26 May 2017 18:26 CEST



Croatian Apparel Co Varteks to Lay Off 1,200 Workers - Media

16 February 2012 22:24 CEST



Croatian Apparel Co Varteks Reports 9-mo Loss of 38.2 Mln Kuna (5.3 Mln Euro)

16 February 2012 22:23 CEST



Croatian Apparel Co Varteks To Pull Out of Montenegro, Macedonia, Bosnia - Media

16 February 2012 22:14 CEST


View more



Similar companies






                                                    Company Report
                                                
Varteks d.d.






                                                    Company Report
                                                
Medjimurska Trikotaza d.d. - in bankruptcy proceedings






                                                    Company Report
                                                
Galeb d.d.






                                                    Company Report
                                                
Nova Modna Konfekcija d.d. - non-existent






Related reports






                Industry Report
            
Renewable Energy in SEE (2010)






            Broker Report
    
FIMA Daily Insight – Aug 3, 2017 - Croatia






            Macro Report
        
Croatia Economy Report Q4 2016











Management



Supervisory Board



			Neven Marusevec
		

			Member of the Board
		





			Igor Zonja
		

			Chairman of the Board
		





			Ivo Sulenta
		

			Member of the Board
		





			Davor Majetic
		

			Member of the Board
		





			Kresimir Dragic
		

			Member of the Board
		





			Marijan Mitrovic
		

			Deputy-Chairman of the Board
		





			Bozica Cicek-Mutavdzic
		

			Member of the Board
		




Board of Directors and Executives



			Zoran Koscec
		

			Chairman of the Board and CEO
		





			Nenad Davidovic
		

			Member of the Board
		





			Miljenko Vidacek
		

			Member of the Board
		









Contacts





Address
                            94, Zagrebacka Str.
                            42000
                            
                                Varazdin, Croatia
                            

                        

Telephones
+385 42 377 105+385 42 377 124+385 42 377 409+385 42 377 445


Fax
+385 42 377 395+385 42 377 089


Emails
komercijala@varteks.cominfo@varteks.commarket_dep@varteks.comzsvetec@varteks.com


Websites
                            www.varteks.com
                        






Ownership






Name
Direct holding
Indirect holding 
Owner type 
Country




Other
68.78

Other



Individuals
31.22

Individual











Subsidiaries and affiliates






Name
Direct holding
Indirect holding 
Country




Varteks PRO d.o.o.
100.0

Croatia


Varteks DOOEL
100.0

Macedonia


Varteks Mont D.O.O. 
100.0

Montenegro


Varteks Trgovina d.o.o. 
100.0

Bosnia and Herzegovina


Varteks Textiles Ltd. 
100.0

UK


Varteks Logistic d.o.o.
100.0

Croatia


Varteks ESOP d.o.o.
100.0

Croatia


V-projekt d.o.o.
100.0

Croatia










Products and services




	Varteks d.d. manufactures and trades in all kinds of men's and women's clothing – suits, trousers, shirts, dresses, skirts, blouses, sportswear, coats, waistcoats, garment and ties.

	 

	 







Capacity










Access 800,000+

                    
basic

Basic profiles include:

General information
Contacts
Management
Ownership
Employment
Financial Information & Key Financial Ratios



                     and 4,000+
                     
premium

Additionaly to the content in basic profiles, premium profiles include:

Company History
Subsidiaries & Affiliates
Product & Services
Capacity
Market & Sales
Investment Plans



                     company profiles

                

Subscribe now











Employment









Access 800,000+

                    
basic

Basic profiles include:

General information
Contacts
Management
Ownership
Employment
Financial Information & Key Financial Ratios



                     and 4,000+
                     
premium

Additionaly to the content in basic profiles, premium profiles include:

Company History
Subsidiaries & Affiliates
Product & Services
Capacity
Market & Sales
Investment Plans



                     company profiles

                

Subscribe now












Market and sales










Access 800,000+

                    
basic

Basic profiles include:

General information
Contacts
Management
Ownership
Employment
Financial Information & Key Financial Ratios



                     and 4,000+
                     
premium

Additionaly to the content in basic profiles, premium profiles include:

Company History
Subsidiaries & Affiliates
Product & Services
Capacity
Market & Sales
Investment Plans



                     company profiles

                

Subscribe now











Investment plans










Access 800,000+

                    
basic

Basic profiles include:

General information
Contacts
Management
Ownership
Employment
Financial Information & Key Financial Ratios



                     and 4,000+
                     
premium

Additionaly to the content in basic profiles, premium profiles include:

Company History
Subsidiaries & Affiliates
Product & Services
Capacity
Market & Sales
Investment Plans



                     company profiles

                

Subscribe now











Financial information











Access 800,000+

                    
basic

Basic profiles include:

General information
Contacts
Management
Ownership
Employment
Financial Information & Key Financial Ratios



                     and 4,000+
                     
premium

Additionaly to the content in basic profiles, premium profiles include:

Company History
Subsidiaries & Affiliates
Product & Services
Capacity
Market & Sales
Investment Plans



                     company profiles

                

Subscribe now





















                Compare
            




 5 / 5 free articles left
 Get more for free. Sign up for Basic subscription
 Get full access. Upgrade to Premium subscription







Get more for free

Get ten (10) free articles per month
Receive SeeNews' daily newsletter including the latest news
Immediately receive the new TOP 100 SEE companies ranking

Get ten (10) free articles per month, daily newsletters, TOP 100 SEE companies ranking.



Sign up for Basic Subscription



















I want to receive SeeNews' daily newsletter and the latest issue of TOP 100 SEE by e-mail



I want to receive notifications and big discounts on business and economic events and conferences


























