


Henan Combine Plastic Products Co., Ltd - Global Suppliers & Manufacturers









 		Language: English







	Global  suppliers
 


Henan Combine Plastic Products Co., LtdGlobal  suppliers





Home
About Us
Products
Contact Us





Sign in|Join Now

Home > Henan Combine Plastic Products Co., Ltd    
    
 > About Us










Products Search







Products Gallery


Featured Products


Company Info


  Henan Combine Plastic Products Co., Ltd

 Supplier
View Contact Details



Add conpany to favorites



About Us

Contact Information



Company Name：Henan Combine Plastic Products Co., Ltd
Contact Person： 
Telephone：
Fax：
Email：
Website：
Country/Territory：
Address：
Zipcode：









Send your message to this supplier


  

Enter between 20 to 3,000 characters,English only.












Email this page
Bookmark this page
Print this page



Sign in | 
    	Join Now | 
    	About Toocle | 
    	FBG Partners | 
    	Help Center | 
    	Customer Service | 
    	
Copyright © Toocle.com. All Rights Reserved.


 


, Henan Combine Plastic Products Co., Ltd Products Gallery list









 		Language: English







	Global  suppliers
 


Henan Combine Plastic Products Co., LtdGlobal  suppliers





Home
About Us
Products
Contact Us





Sign in|Join Now

Home > Henan Combine Plastic Products Co., Ltd    
    
 > Products










Products Search







Products Gallery


Featured Products


Company Info


  Henan Combine Plastic Products Co., Ltd

 Supplier
View Contact Details



Add conpany to favorites




View: 









Product

1







Email this page
Bookmark this page
Print this page



Sign in | 
    	Join Now | 
    	About Toocle | 
    	FBG Partners | 
    	Help Center | 
    	Customer Service | 
    	
Copyright © Toocle.com. All Rights Reserved.






Product (business) - Wikipedia





















 






Product (business)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

In a marketing, a product is anything that can be offered to a market that might satisfy a want or need.[1] In retailing, products are called merchandise. In manufacturing, products are bought as raw materials and sold as finished goods. A service is another common product type.
Commodities are usually raw materials such as metals and agricultural products, but a commodity can also be anything widely available in the open market. In project management, products are the formal definition of the project deliverables that make up or contribute to delivering the objectives of the project. In insurance, the policies are considered products offered for sale by the insurance company that created the contract. In economics and commerce, products belong to a broader category of goods. The economic meaning of product was first used by political economist Adam Smith.[citation needed]
A related concept is that of a sub-product, a secondary but useful result of a production process.
Dangerous products, particularly physical ones, that cause injuries to consumers or bystanders may be subject to product liability.



Contents


1 Product classification

1.1 By use
1.2 By association
1.3 National and international product classifications


2 Product model
3 See also
4 References
5 Further reading
6 External links



Product classification[edit]
A product can be classified as tangible or intangible. A tangible product is a physical object that can be perceived by touch such as a building, vehicle, gadget, or clothing. An intangible product is a product that can only be perceived indirectly such as an insurance policy. Services can be broadly classified under intangible products which can be durable or non durable.
By use[edit]
In its online product catalog, retailer Sears, Roebuck and Company divides its products into "departments", then presents products to potential shoppers according to (1) function or (2) brand.[2] Each product has a Sears item-number and a manufacturer's model-number. Sears uses the departments and product groupings with the intention of helping customers browse products by function or brand within a traditional department-store structure.[3]
By association[edit]
A product line is "a group of products that are closely related, either because they function in a similar manner, are sold to the same customer groups, are marketed through the same types of outlets, or fall within given price ranges."[4] Many businesses offer a range of product lines which may be unique to a single organization or may be common across the business's industry. In 2002 the US Census compiled revenue figures for the finance and insurance industry by various product lines such as "accident, health and medical insurance premiums" and "income from secured consumer loans".[5] Within the insurance industry, product lines are indicated by the type of risk coverage, such as auto insurance, commercial insurance and life insurance.[6]
National and international product classifications[edit]
Various classification systems for products have been developed for economic statistical purposes. The NAFTA signatories are working on a system that classifies products called NAPCS as a companion to North American Industry Classification System (NAICS).[7] The European Union uses a "Classification of Products by Activity" among other product classifications.[8] The United Nations also classifies products for international economic activity reporting.[9]
The Aspinwall Classification System [10][11] classifies and rates products based on five variables:

Replacement rate (How frequently is the product repurchased?)
Gross margin (How much profit is obtained from each product?)
Buyer goal adjustment (How flexible are the buyers' purchasing habits with regard to this product?)
Duration of product satisfaction (How long will the product produce benefits for the user?)
Duration of buyer search behavior (How long will consumers shop for the product?)

The National Institute of Governmental Purchasing (NIGP)[12] developed a commodity and services classification system for use by state and local governments, the NIGP Code.[13] The NIGP Code is used by 33 states within the United States as well as thousands of cities, counties and political subdivisions. The NIGP Code is a hierarchical schema consisting of a 3 digit class, 5 digit class-item, 7 digit class-item-group and an 11 digit class-item-group-detail.[14] Applications of the NIGP Code include vendor registration, inventory item identification, contract item management, spend analysis and strategic sourcing.

Product model[edit]
A manufacturer usually provides an identifier for each particular type of product they make, known as a model, model variant, or model number (often abbreviated as MN, M/N or model no.). For example, Dyson Ltd, a manufacturer of appliances (mainly vacuum cleaners), requires customers to identify their model in the support section of the website.[15] Brand and model can be used together to identify products in the market. The model number is not necessarily the same as the manufacturer part number (MPN).[16]
Because of the huge amount of similar products in the automotive industry, there is a special kind of defining a car with options (marks, attributes), that represent the characteristics features of the vehicle. A model of a car is defined by some basic options like body, engine, gear box and axles. The variants of a model are built by some additional options like color, seats, wheels, mirrors, trims, entertainment and assistant systems etc. Options, that exclude each other (pairwise) build an option-family. That means, that you can choose only one option by each family and you have to choose exactly one option. This kind of product definition fulfill the requirements of an ideal Boolean Algebra and can be helpful to construct a product configurator.[17] Sometimes, a set of options (car features) are combined to an automotive package and are offered by a lower price. A consistent car definition is essential for the production planning and control in the automotive industry, to generate a master production schedule,[18] which is the fundamental for the enterprise resource planning.
In addition, a specific unit of a product is usually (and has to be) identified by a serial number, which is necessary to distinguish products with the same product definition. In the case of automotive products it's called the Vehicle Identification Number VIN, an international standardized format.
See also[edit]

Builder's plate
List of fastest-selling products
Manufacturer part number
Product teardown

References[edit]


^ Kotler, P., Armstrong, G., Brown, L., and Adam, S. (2006) Marketing, 7th Ed. Pearson Education Australia/Prentice Hall.
^ Sears online, sears.com.
^ When an online Sears customer goes to the "Parts and accessories" section of the website to find parts for a particular Sears item, the "model number" field actually requires a Sears item number, not a manufacturer's model number. This is a typical problem with product codes or item codes that are internally assigned by a company but do not conform to an external standard.
^ Kotler, Philip; Gary Armstrong (1989). Principles of Marketing, fourth edition (Annotated Instructor's Edition). Prentice-Hall, Inc. pp. 639 (glossary definition). ISBN 0-13-706129-3. 
^ "2002 Economic Census, Finance and Insurance" US Census Bureau, 2002, p.14.
^ Insurance carrier product lines at DMOZ
^ North American Product Classification System, U.S. Census Bureau
^ Eurostat classifications, ec.europa.eu.
^ United Nations product classifications, unstats.un.org.
^ Leo Aspinwall, 1958, Social Marketing AED Resource p. 45
^ A history of schools of marketing thought, Eric H. Shaw, D.G. Brian Jones, Marketing theory Volume 5(3): 239–281, 2005 SAGE, p. 249
^ National Institute of Governmental Purchasing, nigp.org
^ NIGP Code
^ NIGP Code sample
^ Dyson: Help with your Dyson
^ SOTW, Celebird, et al. "Model Number Vs. MPN". Google Merchant Center: Help forum. August 31, 2009, accessed September 6, 2011.
^ Herlyn: PPS im Automobilbau, Hanser Verlag, München, 2012, S. 81-120
^ Herlyn: PPS im Automobilbau, Hanser Verlag, München, 2012, S. 122 ff.


Further reading[edit]

Herlyn, W.: PPS im Automobilbau - Produktionsprogrammplanung und -steuerung von Fahrzeugen und Aggregaten. Hanser Verlag, München, 2012 - ISBN 978-3-446-41370-2
Stark, John (2015). Product Lifecycle Management: Volume 1: 21st Century Paradigm for Product Realisation. Springer. ISBN 978-3-319-17439-6. 

External links[edit]

 Quotations related to Merchandise at Wikiquote




Authority control



NDL: 00572055










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Product_(business)&oldid=791924214"					
Categories: Business termsProduct managementSupply chain management termsHidden categories: Articles with DMOZ linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةБеларускаяБългарскиBoarischCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisHrvatskiItalianoעבריתລາວLatviešuLietuviųLimburgsNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپښتوPolskiPortuguêsРусскийСаха тылаScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaТатарча/tatarçaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 09:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








PVC foam board;PVC foam sheet;plast ... - Henan Combine Plastic Products Co., Ltd
















Bookmark this page

Manage this page







 












Henan Combine Plastic Products Co., Ltd









Home

Products

Sell Offers

Buy Offers

Certificates

Message

About Us

Links

Contacts













Search




Keyword : 




Channel : 
ProductsSell OffersBuy OffersCertificates














Sell Offers by Category



No Sell Offers by Category!






Products by Category



No Products by Category!






Links



No links!






Ad   Remove this AD!




 



Home




Product ShowcaseMore...






Sorry, did not match any Products! 












About UsMore...






Henan Combine Plastic is a new PVC foam sheet, celuka board manufacturer located in Henan Province. Our factory was founded in 2014. We develop our production and sales work very fast with excellent technique and good quality products. Now we have had 12 production lines already. Standing on good quality, good service and good price, we start export our products to south and north America, Middle East, Southern Asia, and other markets.
	





Sell OffersMore...





Sorry, did not match any Sell Offers!







 You are visitor
Henan Combine Plastic Products Co., Ltd
Country/Region : HeNan - China (Mainland)   Address : Rm.1805, Unit 1, No. 209 Jinshui Road, Jive (http://www.global-trade-center.com)nshui District   Zip/Postal code : 450000
Contact : Anny  Telphone : 86-0371-5598ve (http://www.global-trade-center.com)2014 Mobile :  Fax : 
Powered by : Global-Trade-Center.com
Manage this page | Bookmark this page | Make this page your homepage | site map 





 Anny TEL:86-0371-55982014Henan Combine Plastic Prod..


















SIAM KUBOTA Corporation Co., Ltd. : Products Combine Harvesters DC-70G No damage on rice fields and ensure high crop recovery with low loss less than 3%.*















 












Eng
ไทย


Follow us:

















Combine Harvesters
No damage on rice fields and ensure high crop recovery with low loss less than 3%.*























Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player.













                                        Back
                                        





Combine Harvesters Combine Harvesters






 Gallery






Efficiency
Comfort
Cost Effectiveness
Customer service














 Souvenirs




MENU



Contact Us:

SIAM KUBOTA Corporation Co., Ltd
                                (Head office/Navanakorn Factory)
                                101/19-24 Moo 20 Navanakorn Industrial Estate 
                                Tambon Khlongnueng Amphur Khlongluang Pathumthani 
                                12120

                                Tel: +66 (0) 2909 0300
                                Fax: +66 (0) 0 2909 1698






SIAM KUBOTA Call Center:
0-2909-1234




                                	                                    Technical Service Hot Line
                                     1747
                                
SIAM KUBOTA Leasing 0-2833-3555







Top

























 

































Combine Blades, Steel Corea.Co,.Ltd























The global B2B marketplace to source Korean products
Bookmark BuyKOREA


Join Free
Sign in
my buyKOREA
FAQ
about buyKOREA









For Buyer
For Seller








All







Search


All
Product
Buying Offer
Image
Business Events
FAQ















KOREAN Products

All Products
Global Business Partnering
Global Procurement Challenge
Power-Tech Korea 2017
Korea Service Market 2017
Consumer Goods Showcase
CHINA HIGHWAY Products
Promising Products
EU KPP Products
Power products
ITS products
New Products
Creative Startup Products
[Team Korea] Products
World Champ Products


Buying Offer
KOPS Pay
EMS Shipment
Business Events
Video Meeting























Product Category


Automobiles & Vehicles 



													
												Automobiles 



													
												Auto Parts 



													
												Motorcycles, Bicycles & Parts 



													
												Railway Vehicles & Parts 



													
												Elevators & Escalators 



													
												Ships, Ocean Structures & Parts 



													
												Airplanes & Parts 



													
												Spaceships & Parts 




Electronic Components



													
												Semiconductors 



													
												Electron Tubes 



													
												Passive Components 



													
												Electro-Mechanical Components 



													
												Batteries 



													
												Flat-Panel Displays & Sensors 



													
												Other Electronic Components 




Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals 



													
												Basic Petrochemicals 



													
												Petrochemical Intermediate Materials 



													
												Materials for Synthetic Fiber 



													
												Synthetic Resin 



													
												Synthetic Rubber 



													
												Other Petrochemicals 



													
												Dyestuffs & Pigment 



													
												Paint, Varnish & Ink 



													
												Adhesives 



													
												Surfactants 



													
												Photographic/Cinematographic Materials 



													
												Agrochemicals & Phamaceuticals 



													
												Fine Chemical Materials 



													
												Other Fine Chemicals 



													
												Nitrogen Fertilizer 



													
												Phosphate Fertilizer 



													
												Potassium Fertilizer 



													
												Compound Fertilizer 



													
												Other Fertilizer 



													
												Other Chemical Industry Products 




Electronics, Computers & Telecommunication 



													
												Wired Communication Equipments 



													
												Wireless Communication Equipments 



													
												Computers 



													
												Industrial Electronics



													
												Measurement, Control & Analysis Instruments 



													
												Video Devices 



													
												Audio Devices 



													
												Refrigerators 



													
												Home Appliances 



													
												Electro-Thermal Appliances 



													
												Lighting 



													
												Electronic Watches/Clocks & Game Players 



													
												ICT Solutions



													
												Other Household Appliances 




Minerals, Glass & Ceramics 



													
												Gold, Silver & Platinum 



													
												Iron Ore 



													
												Copper Ore 



													
												Aluminum Ore 



													
												Tin Ore 



													
												Zinc Ore 



													
												Nickel Ore 



													
												Other Metal Ore



													
												Graphite 



													
												Salt



													
												Kaolin 



													
												Limestone 



													
												Other Non-Metallic Minerals 



													
												Crude Oil 



													
												Coal 



													
												Petroleum Products 



													
												Liquided Petroleum Gas 



													
												Uranium 



													
												Cement



													
												Tiles & Ceramics 



													
												Glassware



													
												Other Ceramics 



													
												Asbestos Products 



													
												Mica Products 



													
												Other Mineral Products 




Metals & Metal Products 



													
												Section Shape Steel 



													
												Wire Rod, Bar Steel & Reinforcement 



													
												Steel Sheet 



													
												Steel Pipes & Steel Wire 



													
												Rails & Steel Structures 



													
												Steel Containers & Chain 



													
												Cast & Forged 



													
												Ferroalloy, Pig Iron & Iron Scrap 



													
												Semi-Finished Steel Products & Other Steel Products 



													
												Aluminum Products 



													
												Copper Products 



													
												Nickel Products 



													
												Magnesium Products 



													
												Lead Products 



													
												Zinc Products 



													
												Tin Products 



													
												Tungsten,  Molybdenum & Manganese Products 



													
												Other Nonferrous Metal Products 



													
												Coins 



													
												Nails 



													
												Containers 



													
												Other Steel & Metal Products




Machinery 



													
												Engines, Turbines & Pumps 



													
												Conveyors & Load/Unload Machines 



													
												Air Conditioners & Coolers/Heaters 



													
												Office Machines 



													
												Optical Instruments 



													
												Textile Machinery & Chemical Instruments 



													
												Wood/Mineral/Glass Working Machinery 



													
												Metal Working Machinery 



													
												Food Processing/Packaging Machinery 



													
												Construction & Mining Machinery 



													
												Rolling Mills, Welding Machines & Casting Machinery 



													
												Paper-Making & Printing Machinery 



													
												Agricultural Machinery 



													
												Other Industrial Machines 



													
												Watches & Clocks 



													
												Semiconductor Manufacturing Equipments 



													
												Plotters 



													
												Surveying Instruments 



													
												Flat-Panel Display Manufacturing Equipments 



													
												Other Machinery 




Textiles & Leather Products 



													
												Leather



													
												Leather Products 



													
												Synthetic Fiber 



													
												Regenerated Fiber 



													
												Natural Fiber Yarn 



													
												Synthetic Filament Yarn 



													
												Synthetic Fiber Spun Yarn 



													
												Silk Fabric 



													
												Wool Fabric 



													
												Cotton Fabric 



													
												Synthetic Filament Fabric 



													
												Synthetic Staple Fiber Fabric 



													
												Knitted Fabric 



													
												Other Fabric 



													
												Garments & Clothes 



													
												Other Textile Products 



													
												Fur 




Rubber & Plastic



													
												Plastic Products 



													
												Rubber Products 




Electric Equipments 



													
												Generators & Motors 



													
												Static Electric Equipmemts 



													
												Renewable Energy



													
												Heavy Electric Equipments 



													
												Electric Wires 




Mechanical Parts & Tools 



													
												Friction Products 



													
												Grinding Products 



													
												Mechanical Elements 



													
												Tools 



													
												Dies 




Agriculture & Fishery



													
												Cereal & Fruit 



													
												Live Plants 



													
												Vegetable Matter 



													
												Vegetable Materials 



													
												Favorite Food 



													
												Processed Agricultural Products 



													
												Seeds 



													
												Other Agricultural/Farm Products 



													
												Live Animals 



													
												Meat 



													
												Animal By-Products 



													
												Processed Livestock Products 



													
												Animal Hair 



													
												Wood & Timber 



													
												Tree Seeds 



													
												Forest By-Products 



													
												Fish 



													
												Crustaceans 



													
												Mollusks 



													
												Seaweed 



													
												Fish Meat & Roe 



													
												Processed Fishery Products 



													
												Fishery By-Products 



													
												Other Fishery Products 




Pulp, Paper & Printing 



													
												Paper Materials 



													
												Paper Products 



													
												Books 



													
												Periodical Publications 



													
												Maps 



													
												Other Printouts 




Beauty & Living Ware



													
												Umbrellas & Parasols 



													
												Bags 



													
												Belts 



													
												Portable Accessories 



													
												Home/Living Ware



													
												Nail



													
												Cosmetics, Soap & Toothpaste 



													
												Flatware Sets 



													
												Jewels(Jewelry) 



													
												Beauty Accessories 



													
												Imitation Jewelry 



													
												Wigs & Fake Eyebrows 



													
												Other Personal Items 




Furniture



													
												Chairs



													
												Beds



													
												Tables



													
												Desks



													
												Wardrobes, Dressing Tables & Storage Drawers 



													
												Other Furniture




Sports, Hobbies & Toys 



													
												Footwear 



													
												Piano



													
												Strings



													
												Wind Instruments 



													
												Percussion Instruments 



													
												Musical Instrument Parts & Accessories 



													
												Other Musical Instruments 



													
												Sport Products 



													
												Hobbies & Entertainment 



													
												Dolls 



													
												Riding Toys 



													
												Self-Assembly Toys 



													
												Other Toys 




Eyewear



													
												Eyeglasses 



													
												Contact Lens 




Office & School Supplies



													
												Writing Supplies 



													
												Art & Drafting Supplies 



													
												Office Supplies 



													
												Other Office & School Supplies 




Gifts & Crafts



													
												Artificial Flowers 



													
												Shell Crafts 



													
												Glass Crafts 



													
												Other Crafts 



													
												Paintings 



													
												Sculptures 



													
												Stamps 



													
												Antiques 



													
												Other Gifts & Crafts 




Health & Medical



													
												Health & Medical Devices



													
												Health & Medical Supplies




Environment



													
												Recycling



													
												Water Treatment



													
												Waste Management



													
												Air quality Management



													
												Other environmental products




Others 



													
												Other Miscellaneous Products 



													
												Engineering, Procurement and Construction



													
												Services




SEE ALL CATEGORIES















Home > Product Detail



Machinery 
				>
				
Engines, Turbines & Pumps 
Conveyors & Load/Unload Machines 
Air Conditioners & Coolers/Heaters 
Office Machines 
Optical Instruments 
Textile Machinery & Chemical Instruments 
Wood/Mineral/Glass Working Machinery 
Metal Working Machinery 
Food Processing/Packaging Machinery 
Construction & Mining Machinery 
Rolling Mills, Welding Machines & Casting Machinery 
Paper-Making & Printing Machinery 
Agricultural Machinery 
Other Industrial Machines 
Watches & Clocks 
Semiconductor Manufacturing Equipments 
Plotters 
Surveying Instruments 
Flat-Panel Display Manufacturing Equipments 
Other Machinery 

				>
				
Cultivators 
Harvesters 
Dairy Machinery 
Agricultural Machinery Parts 
Other Agricultural Machinery 




Combine Blades(Pd No. : 3011781)
(Updated : 02/18/2014)
























product information






Model Nm



HS CODE
820291


M.O.Q



Ceritification




Keywords
Combine, Combine Blades, Blades, Industrial cutting tools, Combine Harvester


Seller ID
flyingswan






Inquiry Now
Video Meeting











Product Description
Company Information
Related Business Event


Combine Blades for Agricualtural Machine
• Carbon Tool Steel Strip : SK-3M, SK-5M
• Alloy Steel Strip : SKS-51M




Product Description
Company Information
Related Business Event




Company Information


company information








Contact Person
 LISA LEE


Company
 Steel Corea.Co,.Ltd


Address
 12, Neungheodae-ro 741beon-gil, Namdong-gu, Incheon, 21693 Korea  


Homepage

steel-corea.com
										
									
								
								
				  				
						  			, 
							  		
							  		http://seller.buykorea.org/steel-corea--1054182



Tel
 0328225545
Fax
 0328225548


Biz. Type
 Manufacturing and trade
Est. Year

								 
									2003
								
								
								


Employees
 1~10









View all products of this company




Other Products from [ flyingswan ] (18)
View all















									
										
											Sophisticated multi-purpose ...
										
										
									
								















									
										
											Snap-off cutter blades for u...
										
										
									
								















									
										
											Multi-purpose pruner with hi...
										
										
									
								















									
										
											High-quality carbon tool ste...
										
										
									
								















									
										
										
											INDUCTION SCRAPER
										
									
								















									
										
										
											Vegetable choppers
										
									
								















									
										
											High Carbon Steel Strip in C...
										
										
									
								















									
										
										
											Grape Scissors
										
									
								















									
										
										
											Trapezoid Blade
										
									
								















									
										
											Snap-off Cutter Blade for St...
										
										
									
								









Product Description
Company Information
Related Business Event



Related Business Event List







2016 JISAHWA-WORLD CHAMP Export Showcase

2016-10-18 ~ 2016-10-18














Inquiry




- Please leave a detailed inquiry to get an accurate reply from the Korean seller.



Inquiry Sample




Inquiry






To
Steel Corea.Co,.Ltd


CC

 You are able to send one CC-mail ONLY



Message





Price Quote









SEND
























What is buyKOREA?
buyKOREA Guide
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy


Copyright (c) 2004 all rights reserved, buyKOREA.org.
Global B2B e-marketplace, operated by KOTRA, enabling KOPS payment & EMS delivery.
KOTRA: (06792) 13, Heolleung-ro, Seocho-gu, Seoul, Korea (Tel. +82-1600-7119)





KOTRA Family Site
------------------------
KOTRA 홈페이지
KOTRA 해외시장뉴스
GEP
Invest Korea


















CUSTOMER CENTER


FAQ
Q&A






QUICK MENU

















 







































Corn Combine Harvester, View combine harvester, DAFENG KING Product Details from AGCO Dafeng (Yanzhou) Agricultural Machinery Co., Ltd. on Alibaba.com















































Alibaba.com





                            Sourcing Solutions
                            




                            Services & Membership
                            




                            Help & Community
                            

























































10
YRS


AGCO Dafeng (Yanzhou) Agricultural Machinery Co., Ltd.




China (Mainland)
|
Manufacturer, Trading Company


Supplier Assessments:








Top 3 Markets:



Domestic Market



  
93.80%





Southeast Asia



  
3.21%





Mid East



  
2.14%









Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $Learn More













				        Assessed supplier has been assessed by
				        Bureau Veritas,
						giving buyers in-depth details and authoritative information about suppliers for free, to help buyers source smarter and safer.
					













Add to My Favorites









































AGCO Dafeng (Yanzhou) Agricultural Machinery Co., Ltd.






10
YR









How do I set this?









Home


Product Categories


Company Profile

Company Overview
Industrial Certification
Company Capability
Business Performance



Contacts








How do I set this?








Home
> Product Categories
> Corn Combine Harvester







How do I set this?


























View larger image
        




































Share to:







 


Add to My Cart






Add to My Favorites



		Added to My Favorites












Corn Combine Harvester                        



 Transactions


FOB Price:


US $20,000 - 25,000  / Set                                                                    
|
Get Latest
                                        Price



Min.Order Quantity:
1 Set/Sets


Supply Ability:
20000 Set/Sets per   Year


Port:
Qingdao Port, China


Payment Terms:
L/C,T/T,Western Union










                            Contact Supplier
                        



Loading...
                        














You May Like

















How do I set this?

















Product Detail

Transaction History



Report Suspicious Activity





Quick Details


Condition:
New


Application:
farming machinery


Type:
Combine Harvester


Drive Type:
engine drive


Usage:
Corn Harvester


Place of Origin:
Shandong, China (Mainland)


Brand Name:
DAFENG KING


Model Number:
4YZ-3A


Dimension(L*W*H):
6400*2150*3450 mm


Weight:
4850 Kg


Certificate:
ISO9001, BV


Warranty:
1 year


After-sales Service Provided:
Engineers available to service machinery overseas


color:
red


Working rows:
3


engine power:
125 HP




Packaging & Delivery


Packaging Details:
nude packing


Delivery Detail:
within 20 days






 Product DescriptionMain Feature of Model 4YZ-3A Self-propelled Corn Combine Harvester: a.Self-propelled machine, hydraulic stepless speed adjustment. b.Hydraulic control lifting, good suitability of height and row spacing. c.Huge grain tank, hydraulic turning, high efficiency and saves time.  Main Parameter of Model 4YZ-3A Self-propelled Corn Combine Harvester:  Model4YZ-3AType self-propelledNumber of rows3Row spacing450-750MMWorking Productivity0.3~0.6 ha/hEngine115 HPDiesel tank155LGround clearance250mmWeight4850kgDimension(L×W×H)6400×2150×3450 mmGrain tank (m³)2.5QTY(40HQ)1 set   Packaging & Shipping   1 set can be loaded into a 40HQ                     Company Information                           Corn Combine Harvester --- Mobile: 008613963723020 Our factory is one of biggest and professional producer for combine harvester in China. with more than 10 years experience in manufacture combine harvester and gain high reputation from our customers all over the world. we make sure to supply excellent combine harvester with high quality and competitive price. what's more, the best after-sale service is also avialable. 1. Brief introduce of corn combine harvester with peeling: This machine is used European technology, and improved by our engineer. Harvester is as the following operations: Separation of the cob from the stalk, cleaning the cob, cobs transport into the hopper and discharge the hopper of the trailer.    2. Working pictures in the field   3. Welcome to visit our factory if you have time    Our ServicesEngineer is availiable to service machinery overseas. 







Transaction History of the Supplier

Below is the information about the supplier's transactions conducted via Alibaba.com. If you require further details regarding the transaction data, please contact the supplier directly.



            Transaction Overview
            




Transactions




Export Markets




No. of Transactions


Transaction Value













Transaction Details




This supplier has completedtransactions with buyers from .



Shipping Destination
Transaction Value

Transaction Date



















How do I set this?







Email to this supplier







How do I set this?








Related Keywords

combine harvester
farming machine
ear corn harvester







How do I set this?














10
YRS


AGCO Dafeng (Yanzhou) Agricultural Machinery Co., Ltd.




China (Mainland)
|
Manufacturer, Trading Company


Supplier Assessments:








Top 3 Markets:



Domestic Market



93.80%





Southeast Asia



3.21%





Mid East



2.14%









Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $Learn More








How do I set this?















How do I set this?







Product Showcase






How do I set this?





  



































How do I set this?






  





 






 































CODE Electronic Co., Ltd - Products - Mini 1000 Lighting Controller






Products>> Lighting ControllerMaster 4096Master 3500Master 2500Master 1500Mini 1000Phantom 2048Party 600Party 500Colour 388Colour 288Sunny 512BUGobo 200Tango 98A 48A 24>> DMX SplitterSDA 8SDA 4

Mini 1000 Lighting Controller








             · Total 1024 channels with 2 individual optical isolated DMX outputs.
             · 7" TFT-LCD touch screen for operating.
             · 3 colour backlit keyboard.
             · Offers 4 optical backlit encoders.
             · Up to 600 playbacks, controlled by 15 playback faders×40 pages.
             · Maximum 400 Units for patching all kinds of Fixtures.
             · Up to 400 Groups.
             · Up to 400 Presets.
             · Up to 400 Macro Shows.
             · Up to 400 User-Defined Shape Effects.
             · Shortcut area provides a quick way for selecting Fixtures, Groups, Presets or Custom Shape Effects.
             · Color-mix system provides a color palette for users to control fixtures with RGB or CMY channels conveniently.
             · Shape Generator provides various effects which can be saved as custom Effects.
             · Provides different priority levels for playbacks.
             · Provide over 8000 Libraries in system. Enable users to edit System Library or create custom Library. R20 library files can be loaded in as the custom library.
             · Provide MIDI in and out interfaces to connect and work with other consoles.
             · Freely download Upgrade Version and System Library.
             · An internal electronic disk allows user to backup show data.
             · USB interface allows users to backup shows in external disk.
             · Option: 12V auxiliary light.
             · Power supply: AC100-240V, 50-60Hz.
             · Size: 482mm×445mm×180mm.
             · Net weight: 10kg approx.
          

DescriptionFormatSizeDownloadManual.pdf1.45MBDescriptionDateSizeDownloadHelpFixture Library2017-5-273.24MBFirmwareVersionDateSizeDownloadHelp5.4.12016-9-211.23MBDescription1. New feature: allow to change the order direction of Fixtures . 2. New feature: specific Attribute Time for Shutter. 3. New feature: snap percentage on time setting for Instant Channels . 4. New feature: Effects fade out in Cue running mode. 5. Cue running mode reduces to 2 options. 6. Fix some bugs.More >>












A&I Products: Agricultural, Industrial & Turf Manufacturer & Distributor

























Français    Español






Reseller Account Login | Reseller Account Help






CONTACT US
STORE LOCATOR
SHOP ONLINE
HOME













PRODUCTS

Tractor Parts
Combine Parts
Turf/Grounds Care
Industrial Products
Belts & Belting
CabCAM™
Stalk Stryker™
See all categories


ISO CERTIFIED

NEW PRODUCTS






Trade Shows    Warehouse    Videos

















FEATURED CATEGORIES




Product Showcase
Loewen AFX Rotor Front Kits
Learn More

Fuel Economy
Tips for improvement
Learn How

Video Spotlight
Wireless CabCAM™Watch Video



Mufflers
			      Mufflers, Pipes, Caps

Shop Mufflers



Drivelines
			      Everything you need
Shop Drivelines




Electrical Parts
Starters, Lights, Switches

Shop Ignition & Electrical





 



 


Select your manufacturer and browser parts



Allis ChalmersTractor Parts

Case-IHTractor Parts | Combine Parts

Ford / New HollandTractor Parts | Combine Parts

GleanerCombine Parts



John DeereTractor Parts | Combine Parts

KubotaTractor Parts

Massey FergusonTractor Parts | Combine Parts

All Brands


 







Language
English
French
Spanish

Quick Links
All Brands
All Machines
All Categories
YouTube Channel

Company Information
About A&I Products
Warehouse Locations
Quality Assurance
Career Opportunities
Become a Reseller

Policies & Procedures
Privacy Policy
Copyright

Service & Support
Contact Us
Sales Rep Website



















SIAM KUBOTA Corporation Co., Ltd. : Products Combine Harvesters















 












Eng
ไทย


Follow us:































Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player.












Combine Harvesters

            	            	Select product category to view  
                                Combine Harvesters                
            



All Category

Combine Harvesters


Accessories






















 Souvenirs




MENU



Contact Us:

SIAM KUBOTA Corporation Co., Ltd
                                (Head office/Navanakorn Factory)
                                101/19-24 Moo 20 Navanakorn Industrial Estate 
                                Tambon Khlongnueng Amphur Khlongluang Pathumthani 
                                12120

                                Tel: +66 (0) 2909 0300
                                Fax: +66 (0) 0 2909 1698






SIAM KUBOTA Call Center:
0-2909-1234




                                	                                    Technical Service Hot Line
                                     1747
                                
SIAM KUBOTA Leasing 0-2833-3555







Top

























 
