



CROE, Inc. 











































Please enable JavaScript to view this website.







Select a page





















Select a page




















































CROE, INC.

The Company

CROE, INC. is a developmental stage fitness apparel company with the  mission of creating the most supportive, protective, innovative sports bras and  fitness apparel on the market.  We were  incorporated on December 2, 2013.  Our  logo is FEARLESS DETERMINATION.  We hope to inspire people to fearlessly  create the life they want to live.  To be determined to live a strong,  healthy lifestyle through exercising, eating healthy, and setting goals.CROE  has been organized as a Utah corporation.   Our business office and mailing address is 11650 South State Street,  Suite 240, Draper, Utah 84020.  Our  telephone number is (801) 816-2522.
The Athletic  Apparel Industry
  The national athletic apparel  market continues to dominate the U.S. retail segment of the economy. According  to the New York Times, athletic and sports footwear made up about $21 billion  dollars of the $63 billion dollar sporting goods market in 2015.  Internationally, sports apparel and footwear sales have jumped 42% to $270  billion over the past seven years.  

  According to a new report by  Allied Market Research titled, "World Sports Apparel - Market  Opportunities and Forecasts, 2014-2020", the world sports apparel market  is expected to generate revenue of $184.6 billion by 2020, growing at a CAGR of  4.3% during the forecast period, 2015-2020. Growing health awareness,  increasing disposable income and a surge in female participation in sports are  the major factors driving the growth of the world sports apparels market.
  The sports apparel market is  categorized, based on end users, into apparels for men, women and kids. The men  segment dominates the world sports apparel market, constituting around 52% of  the total market revenue. The women segment is the second biggest contributor,  expected to grow at a relatively higher CAGR of 5.7% during the forecast  period, on account of the growing interest and participation of women in  different sports activities.

  Due to the extreme growth in  athletic apparel, a significant number of start-ups are getting into the  business.  However, most lack the  relationships, experience and resources to be successful. One of the most  daunting challenges any company faces is being able to manufacture, produce and  effectively market their products for their product sales initiatives. We believe  that CROE has the relationships, experience, and resources to do just that.

 





 




 EMAIL UPDATES 





 




 INVESTOR CENTER 



Investment Overview →


The Company →


Management →


Press Releases & News →







 




 COMPANY PROFILE 
CROE, INC. is a developmental stage fitness apparel company with the  mission of creating the most supportive, protective, innovative sports bras and  fitness apparel on the market.  We were  incorporated on December 2, 2013. Our business office and mailing address is 11650 South State Street,  Suite 240, Draper, Utah 84020.  Our  telephone number is (801) 816-2522.→



 








 















 
 

 CROE, Inc.
11650 South State Street
Suite 240
Draper, Utah 84020 
United States
Phone: (801) 816-2522
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
 

 
 








































Welcome Creo



















Creo – Just another WordPress site




























  







We are Creo.
The partner of choice for POS display.
			              






We are Creo.
We’re passionate about understanding our 
clients’ customer environments & shopper behaviours.
			              






We are Creo.
We unlock new ways of working.
			              













We build true partnerships and deliver exceptional point of sale campaigns. We achieve this through delivering outstanding service and quality, driving innovation and best practice, deploying the latest technology and applying data intelligence.
 


Approach
You can’t improve what you don’t measure.  We believe in the importance of data and innovation to drive continual improvement in how we work and what we deliver. 
Find out more


Values
Our culture is centred on our values – they are embedded into how we work with our clients, our suppliers and each other.
Find out more


Team
From a standing start in 2007 with 3 men in a shed at the bottom of a garden, the company has grown to a £27 million turnover with 260 colleagues.
Find out more









Our Work







					          Revlon 
					        





x



ColorStay Gel Envy Nail Polish
Challenge: To highlight the addition of 8 new shades of Revlon’s ColorStay range in a busy store environment.
Solution: We created stand out by incorporating a drip down effect through the centre of the FSDU to provide a focal point for shoppers.  Card bottle lug-ons of the product added an extra dimension to the unit.  High shine gloss on the bottles and drip effect provided a premium feel.






   





















					          Universal 
					        





x



Minions walk-through unit
Challenge: Universal wanted to engage audiences in cinema foyers by creating an immersive experience to encourage advance ticket sales.
Solution: A walk-through unit to enable cinema-goers to interact with the brand. Motion sensitive sound chips with sound clips from the film and LEDs backlighting the title treatment above the entrance and exit of the unit helped to capture attention.  Cinemas which sited the walk-through unit saw a significant uplift in advance bookings.






  



















					          Reckitt Benckiser 
					        





x



Pedi Gadget Launch
Challenge: To create large event pieces to interrupt the shopper journey in-store for the launch of Pedi Gadget.  
Solution: A four sided display maximised product loading to ensure it was shop-able from all angles.  The unit was well suited to event space at the front of stores and at the end of aisles to maximise disruption.  Glitter varnish was incorporated into the design of the key visual to give the unit a premium, permanent feel.






   





















					          Johnson & Johnson
					        





x



Baby
Challenge: J&J wanted to raise awareness of their complete range of baby bath-time products and own the bedtime routine.  
Solution: A range of trays to highlight the product range and increase dwell time in aisle through incorporating interactivity. A push button enabled shoppers to smell the product and understand the ideal bedtime routine. As a first J&J also used a gift with purchase of a storybook: linking well to the brand promise.






  



















					          Beiersdorf
					        





x



Nivea Take Over in Tesco
Challenge: To raise awareness and increase basket spend across the range in Tesco’s 43 Beauty World stores.
Solution: We created an arch at the entrance for immediate impact and to display a wide range of product. An oversized tray was used to hero key product as a focal point. A kit which could work across different formats included cubes and posters allowing stores to use items best suited to their stores.






  



















					          Revlon
					        





x



Lipstick display
Challenge: Revlon wanted to create a unit that supported their 4 key lip franchises and demonstrate how the brand has a lip product for every customer. 
Solution: An innovative FSDU with a wedge structure to allow for a strong graphic communication in-store.  The shape was disruptive and encouraged shopper interaction.  Posting the product created a visually striking pop of colour and allowed for easy shop-ability and clarity for customers choosing shades of lip product.  






   





















					          Premier Foods
					        





x



Mr. Kipling Cupcake launch
Challenge: To support the exclusive launch in Tesco of Mr Kipling’s cupcakes
Solution: We wanted shoppers to have the opportunity to try the new range to encourage purchase. Branded sampling stations with adjacent stock holding units created theatre and interaction with shoppers. Stand out was also achieved through the use of a large die cut header in the shape of a giant cupcake.  A pre-filled quarter pallet also ensured stock availability for the promotion.






  



















					          Thomas Cook
					        





x



Windows refresh
Challenge: To provide a system to control the number of messages in the window, showcase aspirational imagery and allow stores to react quickly to competitor activity.
Solution: We created a feature poster for lifestyle imagery with easily interchangeable panels overlaid for promotions. An additional hanging panel enables stores to quickly and easily highlight up to 4 different offers – allowing for flexibility but not overcrowding the window. 3D lettering provides standout and re-enforces the atl campaign.






   





















					          Premier Foods
					        





x



 Paul Hollywood Baking Range
Challenge: To promote the launch of Paul Hollywood’s range of baking mixes

Solution: The packaging for the mixes are in a traditional flour bag style to convey the provenance of the product but this did mean they were not highly visible from a distance in store. The unit therefore creatively amplified the packs to achieve greater stand out. The unit was designed to be easy for merchandisers to erect and structurally strong to hold the weight load. It also contained the SRPs required to enable the packs to be stable.






   
























2017 POS Survey



The retail environment remains challenging and TKM Consultant’s 2017 POS survey, sponsored by Creo, aims to better understand how marketers responsible for POS, are adapting to the changing market landscape and their consumers’ needs.
Download the executive summary of the report to understand marketers’ opinions on how well they are:

executing campaigns across territories
building shopper insight and strategy into their campaigns
measuring ROI
using technology to help manage campaigns

For further information please contact: joy.lees@creo-pos.com 



















Our Technology



Opus is an end to end POS campaign management system. It helps you:

Control your POS budgets and spend
Understand which items of POS deliver the best ROI
Eliminate waste from processes
Have complete visibility of stock and store profiles
Achieve brand consistency through asset control and effective local store marketing
Automate artworking to increase speed to market

Opus makes the management of your POS campaigns easy.


Opus is simple, user friendly and elegant. Implementation was quick, training was easy, with good uptake and excellent feedback.

Marketing Manager, Revlon














Our Clients











Get in touch 




Creo London
7 Lloyds Wharf
Mill Street
London SE1 2BD
T:+44 (0)20 7064 9820
E: info@creo-pos.com







Creo Aylesford
7 Upper Mills Road
Quarry Wood Industrial Estate
Aylesford, ME20 7NA
T:+44 (0)1622 712 400
E: info@creo-pos.com







Creo Ely
55 Ely Rd,
Queen Adelaide,
Ely CB7 4TZ
T:+44 (0)1353 660 000
E: info@creo-pos.com















All material © Creo 2016 7 Lloyds Wharf, Mill Street, London, SE1 2BD United Kingdom 

Developed by  Digital Cousin





+44 (0)20 7064 9820
info@creo-pos.com

































	(NO WORD) Trademark of Croe, Inc.. Serial Number: 86233254 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Clothing Products
Logo Mark










 
Get FREE email alerts













Logo Mark  Trademark Information
 Croe, Inc.
Clothing for athletic use, namely sports bras, shirts, pants, shorts, tank tops, cycling jerseys, padded shorts, bike shoe covers, body suits, socks and jackets; Underclothing, namely, bras, underwear, and foundation garments; Yoga pants; Yoga shirts; Clothing, namely, hats, caps, headbands, gloves, shirts, sweatshirts, jackets, coats, socks, arm warmers, leggings, base layers, one piece garments for infants and toddlers, tights, and shoes; Ho...




Perfect for these industries

Clothing Products





Words that describe this mark
clothing   athletic   use      sports   bras      shirts      pants      shorts      tank   tops      cycling   jerseys      padded   shorts      bike   shoe   covers       
                                    




This is a brand page for the the Logo trademark by Croe, Inc. 
                                in Draper, UT, 84020.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this the Logo trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Croe, Inc. of the the Logo trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the the Logo trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, March 26, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        the above pictured logo by 
                        Croe, Inc., Draper, UT  84020.
                        The USPTO has given the  
                        trademark serial  number of  86233254.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for  is 
                        
                        
                                            Croe, Inc. of 
                                            11650 South State Street, Suite 240,  Draper UT 84020,  
                                .
                            The  trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Clothing Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for  
                            is Clothing for athletic use, namely sports bras, shirts, pants, shorts, tank tops, cycling jerseys, padded shorts, bike shoe covers, body suits, socks and jackets; Underclothing, namely, bras, underwear, and foundation garments; Yoga pants; Yoga shirts; Clothing, namely, hats, caps, headbands, gloves, shirts, sweatshirts, jackets, coats, socks, arm warmers, leggings, base layers, one piece garments for infants and toddlers, tights, and shoes; Hosiery. 
                            





Word mark:
 (NO WORD)


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

11/9/2015






  Serial Number:  
86233254


  Filing Date:  
3/26/2014


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Clothing for athletic use, namely sports bras, shirts, pants, shorts, tank tops, cycling jerseys, padded shorts, bike shoe covers, body suits, socks and jackets; Underclothing, namely, bras, underwear, and foundation garments; Yoga pants; Yoga shirts; Clothing, namely, hats, caps, headbands, gloves, shirts, sweatshirts, jackets, coats, socks, arm warmers, leggings, base layers, one piece garments for infants and toddlers, tights, and shoes; Hosiery


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of silhouette of a bird with lines whirling into the center.


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/12/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

Croe, Inc.Draper, UT  84020
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design (No Words)


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Other birds (Animals  -  Birds, Bats) see more design...


                                                    Stylized fish, whales, seals and sea lions (Animals  -   Fish, whales, seals, sea lions) see more design...


                                                    Spirals, coils and swirls (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Croe, Inc.
11650 South State Street, Suite 240
Draper UT 84020







 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (025) - Clothing, footwear, headgear. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your the Logo trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/9/2015
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Croe, Inc.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of the Logo trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159
















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for the Logo 




the Logo is providing Clothing for athletic use, namely sports bras, shirts, pants, shorts, tank tops, cycling jerseys, padded shorts, bike shoe covers, body suits, socks and jackets; Underclothing, namely, bras, underwear, and foundation garments; Yoga pants; Yoga shirts; Clothing, namely, hats, caps, headbands, gloves, shirts, sweatshirts, jackets, coats, socks, arm warmers, leggings, base layers, one piece garments for infants and toddlers, tights, and shoes; Hosiery.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


























      Chrome for Desktop
    
































Creo | PTC







































Creo







Home
CAD Software
Creo




Home
CAD Software
Creo













                                            Call US
                                        






                                            Email US
                                        






                                            Support
                                        






                                            Trials
                                        









Chat Now - Let us know how we can help.

                                Start Chat
                            


 
                                    Customer Care: 1-877-ASK-4-PTC (1-877-275-4782)
Technical Support 1-800-477-6435 or click here.
You can also search for an office near you.
                                
                                 

 
                                    Have a PTC Sales Representative Contact Me
 

 
PTC eSupport
Global Support Services
 

 
Free PTC Software Trials and Downloads
 

 
Windchill Quality Demos
 










 














The Industry’s Leading 3D CAD Software
Let’s assume you went into product design to create fantastic products. That’s your focus, what you want to do, and how you want to be remembered. 
With the Creo product development software suite, you can take your product from concept to digital prototype and do so with efficiency, accuracy and a measure of grace. Our software is intuitive and all works together. 
We’ve been at the cutting-edge of CAD for more than 30 years.  Come join us.  
Creo Parametric 
3D CAD
2D CAD
Simulation
Visualization



				What is Creo?
			









Creo Parametric
The flagship application in the Creo Suite, Creo Parametric is the only software you need for 3D CAD.  With Creo Parametric, you can seamlessly combine parametric and direct modeling; open non-native CAD data and collaborate with almost anyone thanks to Unite technology; and relax knowing all downstream deliverables will update automatically.  Combine this range of capabilities with ease-of use, and you have a product design accelerator.
3D CAD
From the comprehensive capabilities of Creo Parametric to applications specializing in direct modeling, Creo has what you need. Whether you need speed and flexibility to meet a deadline, or are in the initial stages of concept design, direct modeling lets you work with geometry quickly and easily. 
Creo Parametric:  Design your entire product using both parametric and direct modeling 
Creo Direct:   Interact directly with geometry.  Suitable for infrequent CAD users. 
Creo Options Modeler:    Easily create variants of configurable products
Creo Elements/Direct Modeling:   Comprehensive direct modeling capabilities

  
2D CAD
 
Creo Sketch:   Use this free download to capture initial ideas 
Creo Layout:   Leverage 2D data to produce 3D models that accurately reflect design intent
Creo Schematics:   Create 2D schematic designs of routed systems
Creo Elements/Direct Drafting:   Meets the 2D needs of designers and engineers



Simulation
Simulate early and often with software that’s easy to set up, use, and run. Now you can resolve basic design issues in engineering before handing off your product to Analysis. 
Simulation Products
Visualization
Now colleagues can see your design in the file format that suits them, so design reviews are more productive and data can be reused. Fewer, better prototypes mean faster design cycles and more money in your budget. 
 Creo View MCAD: Intuitive viewer allows non-CAD users to see your design
Creo View ECAD: Allows the entire team to see PCB-related designs
Creo Illustrate:  Create powerful 3D interactive technical illustrations 
Creo View Mobile: Use your iPad or iPhone to see models created in Creo View


Why Creo?
Our software doesn’t produce innovation: you do. But Creo can help by giving you powerful tools all within one environment as well as choice and flexibility in how you use them.
What can you design? One customer designed an artificial heart. Another created a 1.5 ton light sculpture. Maybe your next great product is that one on your desk.
















Creo 4.0 Released!
See What’s New



Learn More













 



 




Contact Sales »                                 






How to Buy >                                






Creo Parametric Free Trial »                                    





 



 





                        CAD Case Studies
                    
Learn more about how companies are using PTC's suite of CAD software products to their best advantage.
KTM (motorsports)
College Park (prosthetics)
University of Tokyo (artificial heart)
Aston Martin
Aristides Guitars 




                        Related CAD Content
                    
PTC Community
Discuss Computer-Aided Design With Other Creo Users

Events
Live and Virtual Events

CAD Software Blog
Insights Into 3D CAD Software for Design Engineers








Contact Sales »                                 






How to Buy >                                






Creo Parametric Free Trial »                                    





 



 





                        CAD Case Studies
                    
Learn more about how companies are using PTC's suite of CAD software products to their best advantage.
KTM (motorsports)
College Park (prosthetics)
University of Tokyo (artificial heart)
Aston Martin
Aristides Guitars 




                        Related CAD Content
                    
PTC Community
Discuss Computer-Aided Design With Other Creo Users

Events
Live and Virtual Events

CAD Software Blog
Insights Into 3D CAD Software for Design Engineers























X



















Home | Core-Mark International Inc.























Jump to navigation








Login / My Core-Mark



About 
Investor Relations
Careers
Contact



Retailer SolutionsCategory ConsultationFocused Marketing Initiative

Core Partner
Supply ChainVendor Consolidation Initiative

TechnologyBuy Smart and Save
Core-Mark Enterprise Connect
Express Tags


Retailer ProgramsFreshFarm to Market
Fresh Food Fast
Roadmap to Fresh Success

Center StoreCandy End Cap
Core Essentials
Under Counter Rack

FoodserviceCoffee
Food to Go

AlcoholBeer
Spirits
Wine

General MerchandiseCore Gear

Category ManagementSmartStock
SmartSet

Promotional Powere-Power
Promo Power













  
 

 

 
 











I would like to...
Become A Core-Mark Customer >
Learn More About Fresh Food Solutions >
Sign Up for e-Power >
Join Our Team >
View Recall Notices >



About Us
Core-Mark is one of the largest and most valued marketers of fresh and broad-line supply solutions to the convenience retail industry. We offer a full range of products, marketing programs and technology solutions, servicing North America.
 


My Core-Mark
August Promo Power

Check out August Promo Power US  deals today!
Check out Good Health to Go  items today!
Check out August Promo Power Canada  deals today!



















Technology Platforms and Solutions to Unlock the Value of the IoT | PTC





































                                            Call US
                                        






                                            Email US
                                        






                                            Support
                                        






                                            Trials
                                        









Chat Now - Let us know how we can help.

                                Start Chat
                            


 
                                    Customer Care: 1-877-ASK-4-PTC (1-877-275-4782)
Technical Support 1-800-477-6435 or click here.
You can also search for an office near you.
                                
                                 

 
                                    Have a PTC Sales Representative Contact Me
 

 
PTC eSupport
Global Support Services
 

 
Free PTC Software Trials and Downloads
 

 
Windchill Quality Demos
 













                                    Physical Digital Convergence
                                


                                        Physical Digital Convergence
                                    


                                    Physical digital convergence has the power to transform your business. Let PTC show you how.
                                
Watch now









                                    IDC MarketScape Positions PTC as Leader in IoT Platform Market
                                


                                        IDC MarketScape Positions PTC as Leader in IoT Platform Market
                                    


                                    IDC MarketScape: Worldwide IoT Platforms 2017 Vendor Assessment
                                
Download Now









                                    Discover Your New Augmented Reality
                                


                                        Discover Your New Augmented Reality
                                    


                                    Master Design Reviews with Creo 4.0: M010

Learn More






Previous



Next















AnnouncementsJuly 19, 2017: PTC Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results






AnnouncementsJuly 19, 2017: PTC Q3 FY'17 Prepared Remarks






AnnouncementsJuly 12, 2017: PTC and Tech Mahindra Open Industrial Internet of Things Center of Excellence in India






AnnouncementsJuly 11, 2017: PTC and L&T Technology Services Unveil Industry 4.0 Center of Excellence













 



















 



















 



















 



















 



















 


Previous



Next






















































































































































































Previous



Next








 



Take Your Business to the Next Level
Only ThingWorx 8 has the functionality, flexibility, and agility you need to quickly develop and deploy industrial IoT apps and AR experiences. ThingWorx 8 is how IoT projects get built. 

Learn More









 



Leveraging Connected PLM to Develop Truly Trend-Driven Fashion
PTC Connected PLM Series Part 1

Download Now



















                                        New eBook
                                    
10 Expert Insights: The Future of Product Design in the Age of Smart & Connected Devices
Download Now










                                        IoT Insights from Analysts and Experts
                                    
Get Insights Into the Internet of Things (IoT) and Industry 4.0 From Analysts and Experts
Read More










                                        PTC Introduces Smart Connected Support™
                                    
See the difference, and experience it too
Learn More



















PTC (NASDAQ: PTC) is a global provider of technology platforms and solutions that transform how
companies create, operate, and service the “things” in the Internet of Things (IoT).







PTC's field-proven software and solutions are deployed in more than 26,000 businesses worldwide to generate a product or service advantage.






PTC has ~6,000 employees in 30 countries around the world.







PTC has 750+ partners, including value-added-resellers, enterprise software and performance team partners, hardware and system integration partners, and service and training partners.






Previous



Next












PTC Newsroom: Stay Up-to-Date with PTC News
Learn more 







Concept Design for Innovative Products
Learn more 























X















Michael A. Poutre, II - Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board at Croe, Inc.
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Michael A. Poutre, II
Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board at Croe, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings Transactions 


Michael A. Poutre, II
Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board at Croe, Inc.



 Overview



Age



45
                                  (Born 1972)
                                              




Notable Companies


Blue & White Investment Management LLC

Croe, Inc.

Adaptive Medias, Inc.




Board Seats



4





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 140 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




RelSci
June 10, 2017





                        Michael A. Poutre, II is now serving in a new position at Croe, Inc.                    





GlobeNewswire
November 30, 2016





                        Greenwood Hall Announces Appointment of Rubinstein, Sucoff, and Poutre to Board of Directors                    





PR Newswire
June 11, 2013





                        BizWiki(TM), the CrunchBase Explorer iPhone App, Now Available in the Apple Store                    





PR Newswire
May 22, 2013





                        Mimvi Announces Cal-Xelerator as Charter Sponsor of TrepLabs                    





PR Newswire
May 22, 2013





                        Mimvi Announces Cal-Xelerator as Charter Sponsor of TrepLabs(TM)                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




James Gilbert

President at Croe, Inc.




Deborah K. Thomas

Former Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Croe, Inc.





John Robert Hall

Co-Founder at Greenwood Hall, Inc.




Tony Strickland

Former Senator from the 19th District at California State Senate





Kevin C. McGlynn

Director, Chief Compliance Officer at Ladyface Capital LLC




Ron W. Levy

Chief Operating Officer at Croe, Inc.





Elliot Polatoff

Former Corporate Secretary & Treasurer at Pocket Games, Inc.




Qayed Murtaza Shareef

Chief Executive Officer at Mimvi SEO





Kasian Franks

Founder at SeeqPod, Inc.




Omar Akram

Co-Founder at Adaptive Medias, Inc.







See 130 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 130 More 


 


 Paths to Michael A. Poutre, II



            Michael A. Poutre, II          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Michael A. Poutre, II






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Michael A. Poutre, II.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



MBA 
Class of 2012 


California Lutheran University - School of Management






Bachelor's of Arts 


Whittier College

                  Whittier College, an independent, nationally recognized liberal arts institution, provides an important option in American higher education: a distinctive, high quality academic program based upon the liberal arts that also integrate selected professional and pre-professional programs into the core of the college through innovative interdisciplinary curricula.The college's primary mission is to educate students in a small college atmosphere where they can learn, acquire skills, and form attitudes and values appropriate for leading and serving in a global society. It seeks to do this in the context of a diverse, friendly and caring community who is committed to excellence in undergraduate education.                




 


California Lutheran University

                  California Lutheran University's dedicated, accomplished faculty works with small classes of undergraduate and graduate students who are open-minded—about ideas, about people, and about faith—and are seeking to grow as individuals.                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board

                                    2017 - Current                


Croe, Inc.


                  CROE, Inc. operates as a developmental stage fitness apparel company. It creates sports bras and fitness apparel. The company was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in Malibu, CA.                




Co-Founder

                                    Current                


Redwood Fund LP






Chief Executive Officer

                                    2011 - 2013                


Adaptive Medias, Inc.


                  Adaptive Medias, Inc. offers programmatic audience and content monetization. The company, through its core content monetization platform and technology, provides application developers, publishers and video content developers one of the only end-to-end monetization platforms driven by programmatic algorithms. It provides these unique capabilities to monetize content efficiently across multiple marketing channels, including mobile, video and online display advertising. Adaptive Medias was founded by Omar Akram, Sal Aziz, and Qayed Murtaza Shareef on August 7, 2007 and is headquartered in Irvine, CA.                




President

                                    2003 - 2006                


Blue & White Investment Management LLC


                  Blue & White invests exclusively in equities and fixed-income securities of Israeli companies.                




Chief Executive Officer

                                    Prior                


Utilligent, Inc.







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

                    2017 - Current                  


Croe, Inc.

                    CROE, Inc. operates as a developmental stage fitness apparel company. It creates sports bras and fitness apparel. The company was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in Malibu, CA.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    2016 - Current                  


Greenwood Hall, Inc.

                    Greenwood Hall offers cost effective, scalable, state-of-the-art customer relationship solutions to increase revenues, provide exceptional service and retain customers. We work with:

    Education institutions who want to generate new students and/or partner to provide financial aid and student services and reduce loads on internal resources.
    Non-profits and corporations seeking contact management solutions including order or donation processing, customer service and event management.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Prior                  


Adaptive Medias, Inc.

                    Adaptive Medias, Inc. offers programmatic audience and content monetization. The company, through its core content monetization platform and technology, provides application developers, publishers and video content developers one of the only end-to-end monetization platforms driven by programmatic algorithms. It provides these unique capabilities to monetize content efficiently across multiple marketing channels, including mobile, video and online display advertising. Adaptive Medias was founded by Omar Akram, Sal Aziz, and Qayed Murtaza Shareef on August 7, 2007 and is headquartered in Irvine, CA.                  




Member, Board

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Ladyface Capital LLC







 Political Donations



$500

                  2013                


Sean P. Duffy


                  Representative from Wisconsin's 7th Congressional District                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Adaptive Medias, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Adaptive Medias, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Adaptive Medias, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Adaptive Medias, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Adaptive Medias, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  






See 1 more listing with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1 More 






 Other Affiliations




              Michael A. Poutre, II is affiliated with
                            Croe, Inc., Redwood Fund LP, Adaptive Medias, Inc., Blue & White Investment Management LLC, Utilligent, Inc., Croe, Inc., Greenwood Hall, Inc., Adaptive Medias, Inc., Ladyface Capital LLC.
            




You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤














﻿

N.J. Croce Co. - Licensed bendable figures and other products




















































  Loading... Please wait...




Logged in as Guest 
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
View Cart 


Sign in or Create an account












Search




Advanced Search |
					Search Tips





Upcoming Trade Shows





Home

About Us
 
Contact
 
Wholesale


 
Downloads
 
Find a Retailer
 
Product Safety







Follow us:




Browse Products:


 NEW 2017
 Product Categories
 Bendable Figures
 Keychains
 Gelli Baff & Slime Baff by Zimpli Kids
 Clocks
 Apparel
 Mugs
 Displays

 Licenses
 DC Comics
 Looney Tunes
 Hanna-Barbera
 Marvel
 Red Sonja
 Gumby
 Where's Waldo?
 Felix the Cat
 Mr. Bean
 The Simpsons
 Betty Boop
 Popeye
 Jesus and Mary
 Mr. Bill
 Geckos

 Distributorships
 Zimpli Kids
 Off the Wall Toys









Recent News:


Minimum order policy updated March 2017Gumby & Pokey Media BlitzFor the Love of Bendables





Featured Products:








Justice League: The New Frontier 3" Boxed Set







Batman Mini Wall Clock







BTAS Batman and Robin 5.5" Pair







Crouching Felix Mini Wall Clock







The New Batman Adventures "Masked Heroes Set"







Gal Gadot Wonder Woman Bendable Figure - Batman V Superman







50s Edition 6.5" Gumby & Pokey Boxed Bendable Pair







Justice League New 52 8" Bendable Figure 7pc. Set







Batman Boxed Bendable Set II with Egghead - Classic TV Series







Deadpool Mini Wall Clock







Wonder Woman Mini Wall Clock







14" Batmobile with Bendable Figures - Batman: The Animated Series









                        Don't be left in the dark!
                    

Subscribe to our newsletter to stay informed about special offers, new products, and other updates!


Your First Name:

Your Email Address:













                All prices are in USD |
                Copyright 2017 N.J. Croce Co. Inc. |
                Sitemap |
Legal |
Terms & Conditions



















CROE, INC. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





CROE, INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
CROE, INC.


Company Address
11650 SOUTH STATE STREETSUITE 240DRAPER, UT 84020


Company Phone
801-816-2522


Company Website
www.croefit.com


CEO
Deborah Thomas


Employees  (as of 12/7/2016) 
2


State of Inc
UT


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (10/21/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
FINRA - BB


Share Price
$0.05


Shares Offered
850,000


Offer Amount
$42,500.00


Total Expenses
$33,505.81


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
850,000


Shares Outstanding
10,915,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001688126




We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares by the 
holders.


Competitive pressures in our markets could adversely affect our competitive
position, leading to a possible loss of customers or a decrease in prices,
either of which could result in decreased revenues and profits. Our competitors
are numerous, ranging from large multinational corporations, which have
significantly greater capital resources than us, to relatively small and
specialized firms. We also compete with the major manufacturers. Our business
could be adversely affected because of increased competition from these athletic
apparel companies.
---

The fitness apparel industry is highly competitive and rapidly changing. Our
ability to compete depends upon many factors within and outside our control,
including the timely development and introduction of our fitness clothing and
its enhancements, its functionality, performance, reliability, customer service
and support and marketing efforts. Due to the relatively low barriers to entry
in the textiles market, we expect additional competition from other emerging
companies. Many of our existing and potential competitors are substantially
larger than us and have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing
resources. As a result, they may be able to respond more quickly to fashion
changes and have greater resources for the development and promotion of their
products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully
against current or future competitors or that competitive pressure will not have
a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial
condition.


Company Description
We were incorporated in the state of Utah on December 2, 2013, to engage in the
development and sale of women's fitness clothing.
---

Our operations to date have been devoted primarily to start-up and development
activities, which include: (i) formation of the Company; (ii) development of


 our
business plan; (iii) development of our water and radio-wave resistant sports
bra pocket ("CroeNest") and other fitness apparel; (iv) development of our
brand; (v) and marketing and sales of Croe hats and jewelry. We have not
completed development of our CroeNest and apparel and there is no assurance that
we will be successful in completing the development.

We are developing a pocket, or CroeNest, to hold your phone while you are
exercising or going about your daily activities. This is the hallmark product
of our company. The CroeNest has been developed with a radiation repellent
material that blocks the 99.9% of the radiation and radiowave.

We have found skin compatible fabrics for radio frequency shielding (cellphones
and cell tower radiation, cordless phones, wi-fi, radar, microwave oven leakage,
TV broadcast etc). Extremely thin silver coated copper wires are spun with
cotton or polyester yarns, then woven into washable, comfortable, and durable
fabrics with the look and feel of normal fabric.

The fabrics we are testing materials to use for the CroeNest have the following
characteristics:

· ecological cotton fabric without chemicals

· contain no harmful substances

· independently tested for shielding performance

· non-conductive surface

· no grounding needed

· translucent

· unbleached ecological cotton fabric

· extremely wide format (8.2 feet wide)

· washable, easy to iron, cut and sew

Technical data

· raw materials: 82% cotton, 17% copper, 1% silver

· attenuation: 38 dB at 1 GHz

· color: Ecru-White

· weight: 69 g/m²

· dimension stability: 3 %

We have also found a light weight water resistant material to add to our
CroeNest to keep your phone dry while you sweat.The finalization of the CroeNest
does not require any more capital to develop. It will require additional capital
to incorporate the CroeNest into the design of our sports bras and other
products.

We have developed six different prototypes of sportsbras with the CroeNest. We
have tested our sports bras by having friends and family wear the bras while
exercising three times a week, washing the bras after every use, testing the
durability of the CroeNest material with a radio sensor device, and getting
feedback. The feedback has included, comfort level, accessibility of the cell
phone while working-out, water resistant satisfaction, and durability. We are
satisfied with the CroeNest exactly as we have developed it. We are still trying
to find the proper materials and manufacturer for the other parts of our
sportsbras, shorts, and yoga pants.

We plan to develop our Croe brand to be functional and protective. Our team
plans to develop a product that every runner, cyclist and active person may
want.  

Our plan for bringing this product to the national and international retail
distribution market is five-fold:

· Acquire investment capital to design and manufacture our fitness apparel.

· Create a systematic, duplicable process within our business for inventory      
  management and order fulfillment.                                              

· Utilize an aggressive marketing platform including sales team, social media,   
  trade shows, athletic events and sponsored events to drive a product demand; as
  well as any publicity resulting from our philanthropic endeavors.              

· Penetrate the U.S. market.

· Penetrate the international market, beginning with Canada, Australia and the   
  UK. Once established in these markets, we have goals to expand into Europe,    
  South America, South Africa, and Southeast Asia.                               

Consistent with Croe’s philosophy of encouraging individuals to pursue their
passions, the company is dedicated to supporting and promoting causes in the
areas of health, education, and athletics. With the resources acquired through
business expansion, Croe is committed to assisting individuals and communities
achieve a higher quality of life through these three areas.

To secure the future of our brand, Croe will continue investing in its 
leadership marketing team and strategic partners to develop and further the
business.  Insisting upon evolving with the ever-changing trends of the
marketplace, our goal is to always utilize the necessary assets for brand growth
and sustainability.  We aim to capitalize on the same opportunities that enable
our competitors to thrive and to surpass them through the universal appeal of
our philosophy and vision.

Our revenue thus far has been created by the sale of accessories including hats
and jewelry with our Croe brand and logo. We plan to continue producing these
items, but our main focus will be to get our sports bras through design and into
production.
---

We were incorporated on December 2, 2013 in the state of Utah by our principal
executive Deborah Thomas. Our business office and mailing address is 11650 South
State Street, Suite 240, Draper, Utah 84020, and our telephone number is 
(801) 816-2522. Our website is www.croefit.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$31,011


Total Assets
$2,602






Total Liabilities
$18,888


Stockholders' Equity
-$16,286




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 10 Total: 10
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



CROE, INC.
S-1/A
12/7/2016
Filing



CROE, INC.
S-1/A
12/7/2016
Filing



CROE, INC.
S-1/A
12/1/2016
Filing



CROE, INC.
S-1/A
12/1/2016
Filing



CROE, INC.
S-1/A
11/22/2016
Filing



CROE, INC.
S-1/A
11/22/2016
Filing



CROE, INC.
S-1/A
10/21/2016
Filing



CROE, INC.
S-1/A
10/21/2016
Filing



CROE, INC.
S-1
10/21/2016
Filing



CROE, INC.
S-1
10/21/2016
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Michael T. Studer, CPA, P.C


Company Counsel
John D. Thomas, P.C


Transfer Agent
Colonial Stock Transfer Co.


Underwriter
 -- 


Underwriter Counsel
Thomas, the sole shareholder of JDTPC






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6356.02


-6.63
 ▼ 
0.10%





DJIA

22030.58


14.34
 ▲ 
0.07%





S&P 500

2474.75


-2.82
 ▼ 
0.11%










Data as of Aug 3, 2017 | 11:08AM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Broadcom’s Industry-Leading Data Center SoC Delivers Breakthrough Performance & Efficiency for Smar
                        



	                    11:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Sperry Commercial Global Affiliates Builds on Market Advantage with New CoStar National License Agr
                        



	                    11:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Cognizant shrugs off healthcare worry, tightens FY revenue view
                        



	                    10:51AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Health insurer Aetna profit rises as Obamacare business shrinks
                        



	                    10:39AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
TBA


SYY
Aug 14, 2017


HD
Aug 15, 2017


A
Aug 15, 2017


COH
Aug 15, 2017


AMZN
Aug 15, 2017


VIAV
Aug 15, 2017


URBN
Aug 15, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































