
Herc Holdings Inc (HRI)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Herc Holdings Inc (HRI)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsPassenger Transportation, Ground & Sea












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				HRI on New York Consolidated


				45.19USD
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.27


					            (+0.60%)
					        






Prev Close

$44.92


Open

$45.17




Day's High

$45.33


Day's Low

$44.74




Volume

29,176


Avg. Vol

332,214




52-wk High

$52.96


52-wk Low

$28.66












					Full Description



Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (Hertz Global), incorporated on August 28, 2015, is a holding company. The Company owns Rental Car Intermediate Holdings, LLC, which owns Hertz Corporation (Hertz), Hertz Global's primary operating company. The Company operates through three segments: U.S. Car Rental (U.S. RAC), International Car Rental (International RAC) and All Other Operations. As of December 31, 2016, the Company operated its vehicle rental business globally through the Hertz, Dollar and Thrifty brands from approximately 9,700 corporate and franchisee locations in North America, Europe, Latin America, Africa, Asia, Australia, The Caribbean, the Middle East and New Zealand. The Company's brands maintain separate airport counters, reservations and reservation systems, marketing and all other customer contact activities.The Dollar brand's main focus is to serve the airport vehicle rental market, which consists of business and leisure travelers. The majority of its locations are at or near airport facilities. Dollar operates primarily through company-owned locations in the United States and Canada, and also globally licenses to independent franchisees which operate as a part of the Dollar brand system. Thrifty is the brand for vacationers, tourists and adventure lovers. Thrifty serves both the airport and off airport markets primarily through company-owned locations in the United States and Canada, and also globally licenses to independent franchisees which operate as part of the Thrifty brand system.As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately 1,600 airport rental locations in the United States and approximately 1,400 airport rental locations internationally. Its international vehicle rental operations have company-operated locations in Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Slovakia, Spain, the United Kingdom and the United States Virgin Islands. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately 2,600 off airport locations in the United States and approximately 4,100 off airport rental locations internationally. Its off airport rental customers include people who prefer to rent vehicles closer to their home or place of work for business or leisure purposes, as well as those needing to travel to or from airports. Its off airport customers also include people who have been referred by, or whose rental costs are being wholly or partially reimbursed by, insurance companies following accidents in which their vehicles were damaged, those expecting to lease vehicles that are not yet available from their leasing companies and replacement renters.The Company rents a range of makes and models of cars. It rents vehicles on an hourly (in select markets), daily, weekend, weekly, monthly or multi-month basis, with rental charges computed on a limited or unlimited mileage rate, or on a time rate plus a mileage charge. The Company also allows one-way rentals from and to certain locations. At airport rental locations, as well as at some off airport locations, customers participating in the Company's Hertz Gold Plus Rewards program are able to rent vehicles in an expedited manner. Hertz also offers a Mobile Gold Alerts service, also known as Carfirmations, through which a short message service (SMS) text message and/or e-mail is sent with the vehicle information and location, with the option to choose another vehicle from their smart phone prior to arrival.The Company also offers Hertz e-Return, which allows customers to drop off their car and go at the time of rental return. Additionally, in select locations customers can bypass the rental line through the Company's ExpressRent Kiosks. The Company offers a car-sharing membership service, Hertz 24/7, which rents cars by the hour and/or by the day, at various locations internationally, primarily in Europe and Australia. Members reserve vehicles online, then pick up the vehicles at various locations, such as a university, corporate campus or a retailer, without the need to visit a Hertz rental office. Members are charged an hourly or daily car-rental fee, which includes fuel, insurance, round the clock roadside assistance and in-car customer service. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company operated a peak rental fleet in the United States of approximately 515,900 vehicles and a peak rental fleet in its international operations of approximately 196,600 vehicles.U.S. Car RentalThe Company's U.S. RAC segment is engaged in the rental of vehicles, such as cars, crossovers and light trucks, as well as ancillary products and services, in the United States and consists of the Company's United States operating segment. The Company maintains a network of company-operated car rental locations in the United States. The Company also has franchisees and associates that operate rental locations under its brands throughout the United States. It offers an optional liability insurance product, Liability Insurance Supplement (LIS) that provides vehicle liability insurance coverage.International Car RentalThe Company's International RAC segment is engaged in rental and leasing of vehicles, such as cars, crossovers and light trucks, as well as ancillary products and services, internationally and consists of the Company's Europe and Other International operating segments. The Company has a network of company-operated car rental locations internationally, most of which are in Europe. As of December 31, 2016, the Company's franchisees and associates also operated rental locations in approximately 150 countries and jurisdictions, including many of the countries, in which the Company had Company-operated rental locations.All Other OperationsThe Company's All Other Operations segment includes the Company's Donlen Corporation (Donlen) business, which provides fleet leasing and fleet management services, and other business activities. Donlen provides a range of fleet leasing, financing, telematics and fleet management services to commercial fleets in the United States and Canada. Products offered by Donlen include vehicle financing, acquisition and remarketing; license, title and registration; maintenance consultation; fuel management; accident management; toll management; telematics-based location, driver performance and scorecard reporting, and lease financing. Donlen's leased fleet consists primarily of passenger vehicles, cargo vans and light trucks.The Company competes with Avis Budget Group, Inc., Enterprise Holdings, Europcar, Sixt AG, GoldCar, Fast Rent a Car, Localiza, Unidas, Movida, Automotive Resources International, Element Financial Corporation, Wheels, Inc. and LeasePlan Corporation N.V.

» Full Overview of HRI







					Company Address



Herc Holdings Inc
8501 Williams Rd Fl 3ESTERO   FL   33928-3325
P: +1239.3017000F: +1302.6555049







					Company Web Links











					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Henry Keizer

251,250




							 Kathryn Marinello

--




							 Thomas Kennedy

2,965,860




							 Michel Taride

3,059,180




							 Eliana Zem

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Herc Holdings Inc News




BRIEF-Hertz says exercised right to reduce amount of available commitments under senior secured revolving credit facility

Jun 29 2017 
Apple working with Hertz to test self-driving technology: Bloomberg

Jun 26 2017 
UPDATE 1-Apple working with Hertz to test self-driving technology - BBG

Jun 26 2017 
RPT-Apple working with Hertz to test self-driving technology - BBG

Jun 26 2017 
Apple working with Hertz to test self-driving technology - BBG

Jun 26 2017 


» More HRI  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsPassenger Transportation, Ground & Sea




















 



Herc Rentals Completes Separation from Hertz Car Rental Business; Becomes an Independent, Publicly Traded Company | Business Wire
























































      Herc Rentals Completes Separation from Hertz Car Rental Business; 
      Becomes an Independent, Publicly Traded Company
    





July 01, 2016 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



BONITA SPRINGS, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Herc Holdings Inc. (NYSE:HRI), the equipment rental company formerly 
      named Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. and the continuing parent of Herc 
      Rentals Inc. (Herc Rentals), announced today the completion of its 
      separation from the Hertz car rental business and its debut as an 
      independent, publicly traded corporation. The company’s common stock 
      begins trading “regular way” today on the New York Stock Exchange under 
      the symbol “HRI.”
    


      Herc Rentals is a premier, full-line equipment-rental firm with 
      approximately 280 company-operated branches, principally located in 
      North America, more than 4,600 employees and 2015 revenues of nearly 
      $1.7 billion. The company’s equipment rental business spans more than 50 
      years, with a mission to ensure that end users of its equipment and 
      services achieve optimal performance safely, efficiently and effectively.
    

      To effect the separation as part of a tax-free spinoff, Hertz Global 
      Holdings stockholders as of the June 22, 2016 record date received 
      shares in Hertz Rental Car Holding Company, Inc., on June 30, 2016 at a 
      rate of one share for every five shares held. Hertz Rental Car Holding 
      Company, Inc. has changed its name to Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., and 
      begins trading “regular way” today on the New York Stock Exchange under 
      the symbol “HTZ.”
    

      The shares of the former Hertz Global Holdings, now known as Herc 
      Holdings Inc., were adjusted for a 1-for-15 reverse stock split that was 
      implemented immediately after the separation. Herc Holdings shares now 
      represent ownership of the equipment rental business, which will operate 
      through Herc Rentals, on a stand-alone basis.
    

      No fractional shares will be issued in connection with any of the 
      transactions. Information regarding cash payments to be made in lieu of 
      fractional shares can be found at http://ir.HercRentals.com
and http://ir.hertz.com/.
    

      “We are thrilled to begin the next chapter in the history of our 
      company,” said Larry Silber, president and chief executive officer. “We 
      are strategically positioned to generate above-market growth with 
      significant opportunities for operational and financial improvement. As 
      an independent company, Herc Rentals now has the financial and 
      operational flexibility to pursue strategies that are specific to the 
      equipment rental business.
    

      “With focused resources, industry experience across the leadership team, 
      premium products and services across a broad array of industries and 
      end-use markets, and the support of our dedicated employees, we are 
      positioned to provide even better service and overall value for our 
      customers and to bring enhanced value to our shareholders.”
    

      Silber is joined by a leadership team with deep knowledge of the 
      equipment rental industry and substantial functional experience and 
      expertise:
    


        Bruce Dressel ― Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
      

        Barbara Brasier ― Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
      

        Chris Cunningham ― Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources 
        Officer
      

        Rich Marani ― Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
      

        Maryann Waryjas ― Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and 
        Secretary
      


      “We will continue to expand our operations and to invest in all areas of 
      our business, including new product lines such as ProContractor ToolsTM 
      and ProTruckTM line of commercial vehicles, to complement our 
      large selection of premium general equipment products,” added Silber. 
      “In addition, our new ProSolutionsTM business provides 
      specialty equipment, technical expertise, and full-service, on-site 
      support to solve our customers’ toughest challenges.
    

      “We are also advancing processes and tools designed to drive continuous 
      improvement across our company and to provide a higher level of service 
      for our customers. Most notably, our enterprise-wide `Herc Way' 
      operating model ensures a consistent branch-to-branch approach to 
      managing, servicing and repairing our fleet and rapidly gets equipment 
      ready to rent, which will greatly improve our opportunities to serve 
      more customers.
    

      “We are excited to shape our future as a customer-focused and 
      operationally excellent business serving diverse markets,” Silber said. 
      “I’m also pleased to note that our first day as an independent company 
      coincides with the launch of several major technology platforms, 
      including our new website 
      and mobile app. The mobile app sets new technology and user-experience 
      standards for the equipment rental industry and will continue to evolve 
      to include tools and features designed to improve our customers’ 
      experience with Herc Rentals.”
    

About Herc Holdings Inc.


      Herc Holdings Inc., which has operated through its Herc Rentals Inc. 
      subsidiary for over 50 years, is one of the leading equipment rental 
      suppliers in North America with approximately 280 company-operated 
      branches, principally located in North America. Herc Holdings is a 
      full-line equipment-rental supplier in key markets, including commercial 
      and residential construction, industrial and manufacturing, refineries 
      and petrochemicals, civil infrastructure, automotive, government and 
      municipalities, energy, remediation, emergency response, facilities, 
      entertainment and agriculture. The equipment rental business is 
      supported by ProSolutionsTM, our industry specific 
      solutions-based services, and our professional grade tools, commercial 
      vehicles, pump, power and climate control product offerings, all of 
      which are aimed at helping customers work more efficiently, effectively 
      and safely. Herc Holdings’ 2015 total revenues as reported in the 
      recently filed Information Statement, were nearly $1.7 billion. The 
      company has approximately 4,600 employees. For more information on Herc 
      Holdings and its products and services, visit: www.HercRentals.com.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      This release contains statements that are not statements of historical 
      fact, but instead are forward-looking statements within the meaning of 
      the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We caution 
      readers not to place undue reliance on these statements, which speak 
      only as of the date hereof. All forward-looking statements are subject 
      to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties which could cause our 
      actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the 
      forward-looking statements, including those set forth in our Information 
      Statement filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Amendment No. 4 of the Form 10 of 
      Hertz Rental Car Holding Company, Inc., filed with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission on May 27, 2016, such as: we have no operating 
      history as a stand-alone public company, and our historical and pro 
      forma financial information is not necessarily representative of the 
      results that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded 
      company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results, given 
      the incremental costs we will incur, the decrease in purchasing power we 
      may experience, and the liabilities we have assumed in connection with 
      the spin-off; if there is a determination that any portion of the 
      spin-off transaction is taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
      then we and our stockholders could incur significant tax liabilities, 
      and we could also incur indemnification liability if we are determined 
      to have caused the spin-off to become taxable; we may not achieve some 
      or all of the expected benefits of the spin-off, the assets and 
      resources that we retain may not be sufficient for us to operate as a 
      stand-alone company, we may not be successful implementing our strategy 
      of further reducing operating costs and our cost reduction initiatives 
      may have adverse consequences; our success as an independent company 
      will depend on our new senior management team, the ability of other new 
      employees to learn their new roles, our ability to retain key members of 
      our senior management team and other key personnel and to attract key 
      personnel; our ability to engage in financings, acquisitions and other 
      strategic transactions using equity securities is limited due to the tax 
      treatment of the spin-off; the spin-off may be challenged by creditors 
      as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance; if the spin-off is not a legal 
      dividend, it could be held invalid by a court and have a material 
      adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results; as a 
      stand-alone public company, our securities have no prior public market, 
      an active trading market may not develop, pricing is uncertain and the 
      market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly; our 
      accounting and other management systems and resources may not be 
      adequately prepared to meet the ongoing financial reporting and other 
      requirements; the market price of our common stock could decline as a 
      result of the sale or distribution of a large number of shares of our 
      common stock or the perception that a sale or distribution could occur; 
      some or all of our deferred tax assets could expire if we experience an 
      “ownership change” as defined in the Internal Revenue Code; our 
      substantial level of indebtedness could materially adversely affect our 
      financial condition and ability to raise additional capital to fund our 
      operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our 
      industry or materially adversely affect our results, liquidity and 
      ability to compete; the secured nature of our indebtedness, which is 
      secured by substantially all of our consolidated assets, could 
      materially adversely affect our business and holders of our debt and 
      equity; a number of business risks could have material adverse effects 
      on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or 
      liquidity, including the cyclicality of our business, a slowdown in 
      worldwide economic conditions or adverse changes in the economic factors 
      specific to the industries in which we operate, intense competition in 
      the industry, including from our own suppliers, any decline in our 
      relations with our key national account or industrial account customers 
      or the amount of equipment they rent from us, any occurrence that 
      disrupts rental activity during our peak periods (given the seasonality 
      of the business, especially in the construction industry), or any 
      inability to purchase adequate supplies of competitively priced 
      equipment or to collect on contracts with customers; the restatement of 
      our previously issued financial statements could expose us to additional 
      risks that could materially adversely affect our financial position, 
      results of operations and cash flows; we have identified material 
      weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that, if not 
      remediated, may adversely affect our ability to report our financial 
      condition and results of operations in a timely and accurate manner, 
      which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a 
      result, the value of our common stock; the restatement of our previously 
      issued financial results has resulted in government investigations, 
      books and records demands, and private litigation and could result in 
      government enforcement actions and private litigation that could have a 
      material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial 
      condition, liquidity and cash flows; our business is heavily reliant 
      upon communications networks and centralized information technology 
      systems and the concentration of our systems creates risks for us; and 
      other risks and uncertainties set forth in the Information Statement 
      under “Risk Factors.” All forward-looking statements are expressly 
      qualified in their entirely by such cautionary statements. We do not 
      undertake any obligation to release publicly any update or revision to 
      any of the forward-looking statements.
    




Contacts

      Herc Holdings Inc.Paul Dickard, 239-301-1214Vice 
      President, Communicationspdickard@hercrentals.comorElizabeth 
      Higashi, CFA, 239-301-1024Vice President, Investor Relationsehigashi@hercrentals.com





















Contacts

      Herc Holdings Inc.Paul Dickard, 239-301-1214Vice 
      President, Communicationspdickard@hercrentals.comorElizabeth 
      Higashi, CFA, 239-301-1024Vice President, Investor Relationsehigashi@hercrentals.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up






















About Hertz












































Feedback















Hertz Gold Plus Rewards


Login/Sign-Up















SEARCH










Hertz Gold Plus Rewards


Login/Sign-Up






Login


















Hertz Member Number or User ID:


User ID is a unique ID that you can create in order to login to Hertz.com. This is an optional field that can be used in place of your member number that you will receive once you complete the enrollment process.
Note: you will still be able to login to hertz.com using your member number if you don't choose to create a unique ID.

 


I Forgot My Member Number



Password:

I Forgot/Need Password





Remember my member number on this browser



 
													Login
													


Login and Create Your User ID










IR Home
About Hertz
Press Releases
Financials & Filings
Events & Presentations
Investor Alerts
Other Resources
SPIN Transaction





IR Home

About Hertz





Company Overview
 | 
Corporate Governance Overview
 | 
Executive Officers
 | 
Board of Directors
 | 
Committee Composition
 | 
Committee Charters
 | 
Governance Documents

The Hertz Corporation, a subsidiary of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., operates the Hertz, Dollar and Thrifty vehicle rental brands in approximately 9,700 corporate and franchisee locations throughout North America, Europe, The Caribbean, Latin America, Africa, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. The Hertz Corporation is one of the largest worldwide airport general use vehicle rental companies, and the Hertz brand is one of the most recognized in the world. Product and service initiatives such as Hertz Gold Plus Rewards, Carfirmations, Mobile Wi-Fi and unique vehicles offered through the Adrenaline, Dream, Green and Prestige Collections set Hertz apart from the competition. Additionally, The Hertz Corporation owns the vehicle leasing and fleet management leader Donlen Corporation, operates the Firefly vehicle rental brand and Hertz 24/7 car sharing rental business in international markets and sells vehicles through Hertz Car Sales. For more information about The Hertz Corporation, visit: www.hertz.com.


 




 










     
























HRI Stock Quote - Herc Holdings Inc
























































What We Offer

Impact Portfolio
Trading Account
IPOs



Why Motif


Who We Are

About Us
Leadership
Press
Careers



Resources

Explore Motifs
Blog
FAQ









Log In
Open Account



Log In
Open Account














HRI


                    Herc Holdings Inc - HRI (NYSE-ARCA) 


                        45.15                                            

0.23 (0.51%) 


	                	                Quotes delayed 15 mins. Currently August 3, 2017 11:41:12 AM   
                


Sign Up To Buy This Stock
By signing up, you can buy this stock for just $4.95 or purchase it within a Motif






Key Financials

Day Range:44.74 - 45.33
52 Week Range:28.66 - 52.96
Open:45.17
Shares:28.32M
Market Cap:1.28B
EPS:-2.03
P/E Ratio:--
Div Yield:-- 


                    Performance
                


Previous close


No Chart Available





Purchase HRI in a Motif

                A motif is an intelligently weighted basket of up to 30 stocks and ETFs built around themes and investing styles.
                
                On our platform, you can buy shares of HRI not only as a single stock, but also as part of a motif.
            




Community Motifs with HRI




Stocks Hedge Funds Love Most
29.2% 1 YR RTN






New Lease on LIfe
-- 1 YR RTN






Road Warriors
25.9% 1 YR RTN






Recovery Mode
-- 1 YR RTN


View all community motifs with HRI





News About HRI
No Headlines available for HRI at this time.





Related Companies Within The Rental & Leasing Services Sector




United Rentals Inc. - 116.40
URI






Amerco - 392.55
UHAL






Air Lease Corporation Class A - 40.14
AL






Ryder System Inc. - 71.67
R






Aaron's Inc. - 46.05
AAN

























1-855-586-6843call
9am-6pm ET, Monday - Friday
service@motifinvesting.com
P.O. Box 3548, Rancho Cordova, CA 95741





What We Offer
Impact Portfolio
Trading Account
IPOs





Why Motif





Who We Are
About Us
Leadership
Press
Careers




Resources
Explore Motifs
Blog
FAQ
Pricing




Other Sites
Motif Advisor
Motif Capital







Motif Capital Management, Inc., is an SEC-registered investment adviser and a separate, wholly-owned subsidiary of Motif Investing, Inc., a registered broker-dealer and member SIPC.
Member: FINRA | SIPC

Terms of Use
Business Continuity
Business Rule 606
Privacy Policy
Sitemap

© 2017 Motif Investing, Inc. All rights reserved. Build ID production.285




The Exchange Traded Funds prospectus contains its investment objectives, risks, charges, expenses and other important information you should read and consider carefully prior to making an investment decision.
        Please review the current prospectus, available from the Prospectus link on www.motifinvesting.com, by phone at 1-855-586-6843, or in writing at Motif Investing, Inc., P.O. Box 3548, Rancho Cordova, CA  95741.
ETFs have unique features that you should be aware of, which can include distribution of any gains, risks related to securities within the portfolio, and tax consequences. The data quoted herein represents past performance and is not indicative of future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that your investment, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original value. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data provided.  Please review the prospectus or other research tools provided on this site for more recent information. Contact Motif Investing at 1-855-586-6843 to obtain the most recent month-end performance data.
The 30-Day SEC Yield reflects the dividends and interest earned during the past 30 days after the deduction of the ETF’s expenses.  The 30-day SEC Yield is an annual percentage rate based on the ETF's share price and is calculated by dividing the net investment income per share for the 30 days ended on the date of calculation by that day’s maximum share price.  The Distribution Yield is the trailing 12-Month End Yield derived by adding the trailing 12-month's income distributions and dividing the total by the last month's ending share price. Income refers to interest payments from fixed-income ETFs and dividend payments from stock-based ETFs.
The ETF prospectus is provided by DFS (http://www.rrdonnelley.com/financial-services/). The use of this prospectus is restricted solely to the website of Motif Investing and may not be redistributed, copied or otherwise made available without the express written consent of DFS. Donnelley Financial, LLC. d/b/a EDGAR Online and the information providers herein make no claims concerning the validity of the information provided hereby and will not be held liable for any use of this information. The information provided herein may be displayed and printed for your internal use only and may not reproduced, retransmitted, distributed, disseminated, sold, published, broadcast or circulated to anyone without the express written consent of Donnelley Financial, LLC. d/b/a EDGAR Online.


Fixed income investments are subject to various unique risks, including changes in credit quality, market valuations, liquidity, prepayments, early redemption,
    corporate events, tax ramifications, and other factors. Fixed income securities are subject to increased loss of principal during periods of rising interest rates.


The 1-Year Return/Return Since Inception indicates the performance of this particular motif over the last 12 months or, if the motif was created within the past 12 months, since the date the motif was created. See how we calculate returns.


The Motif Index level represents the performance of a benchmark motif (a motif in our catalog) over time. It is set at 
1000 on the date of inception of the motif. For example, a Motif Index of 1100 represents a 10% return since inception. Similarly, the change in the Index over a 
specified period represents the period return on the portfolio holding the same share weights as the benchmark motif.
The Motif Index is a measure created and maintained by the firm, which has the discretion to change the holdings that comprise the index and to make alterations to a particular Motif Index.


Popularity shows you how much interest a motif is attracting, compared to other motifs. We base this score on a proprietary formula that uses factors like how many people are viewing the motif, and how much conversation about it is happening in the community, in a range from Low-to-High.
The Volatility measurement for a Motif represents the annualized standard deviation of daily returns on a portfolio holding the same share weights as the Motif, and is measured in a range from Low to High. Since the standard deviation of returns are commonly used as a measure of portfolio risk, a Volatility measurement that is High is indicative of the fact that holding the motif in the past subjected the holder to larger fluctuations or higher risk.
The Valuation metric represents the present valuation of the stocks in the motif relative to the broader equity market. The Valuation metric is calculated as the composite Price-to-Earnings ratio for the stocks in the motif weighted by their respective share weights in a range from Low to High.


Standard pricing: $9.95 total commission per motif transaction. Other fees may apply. For details on fees and commissions, please   
    click here.

        Performance returns indicate the performance of a particular security over that stated period of time as of the date provided. Performance is quoted for informational purposes only, however, there is no guarantee those returns will continue. See how we calculate returns.
    

        Performance returns, including 1-month Return/Return Since Inception/1-year returns indicates the performance of this particular motif over that stated period of time as of the date provided. Performance is quoted for informational purposes only, however, there is no guarantee those returns will continue. See how we calculate returns.
    
System response time and account access times may vary due to a variety of factors, including trading volumes, market conditions, system performance, and other factors.
Time shown in Eastern Time unless otherwise specified.


The data contained herein from third party providers is obtained from what are considered reliable sources. However, it's accuracy, completeness, or reliability cannot be guaranteed. 


Investing in securities involves risks, you should be aware of prior to making an investment decision, including the possible loss of principal. An investment in individual stocks, or a collection of stocks
    focused on a particular theme or idea, such as a motif, may be subject to increased risk of price fluctuation over more diversified holdings due to adverse developments which can affect a particular industry or sector.
    Investments in ETFs can include those with a narrow or targeted investment strategy and can be subject to similar sector risks than more broadly diversified investments.
    Motif makes no representation regarding the suitability of a particular investment or investment strategy.  You are responsible for all investment decisions you make including understanding the risks involved with your
    investment strategy.   


Please refer to your personal Motif Social Network privacy settings to verify they are current according to your personal requirements. You are responsible
     for establishing your privacy settings according to your unique needs and ensuring they remain current, accurate, and based on your individual and self-directed
     instructions. You should refer to the Terms of Use for further information regarding your authorized use of the Motif Social Network, available on the Support
     page.
Any opinions, comments and recommendations in the Motif Investing Network ("Network") are generated by its members and do not represent the opinions, 
    comments or recommendations of Motif or any of its Associates. The content is intended for educational and informational purposes only and it should 
    not be construed as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell securities, or any other product or service provided by Motif. Motif is not
    responsible for and does not guarantee the accuracy, currency, completeness or usefulness of information, commentary, recommendations, advice, investment
    ideas or other materials generated within Motif's Network by customers and users participating with Social Groups. The content within the Motif Network is
    not personalized or tailored in any way to a user or customer's financial circumstances, investment objectives, risk tolerance or time horizon and the
    securities and investment strategies discussed may not be suitable for participants. Any performance data displayed has not been verified and is not an
    indication of future results. All investments are subject to risk. Content presented in the Motif Network is subject to edit or removal without notice.


While certain companies may have consistently paid dividends in the past, there can be no assurance or guarantee that they will be able to continue paying dividends in the future.


International investments involve additional risks you should be aware of, which include differences in financial accounting standards,
    currency fluctuations, political instability, foreign taxes and regulations, news that can trigger volatile conditions, and the potential 
    for illiquid markets. Small cap companies in these markets may react with greater volatility in reaction to activities in those markets.







































 



 Board of Directors for Herc Holdings Inc. Set Following Separation from Hertz Rental Car Business 
         










    










 













 











 



















Board of Directors for Herc Holdings Inc. Set Following Separation from Hertz Rental Car Business
        																																												
              











 News provided by
Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  
Jun 06, 2016, 08:35 ET









 Share this article




























































ESTERO, Fla., June 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:    HTZ) has named members of the board of directors expected to be installed for its equipment rental business following the planned separation of that business as a stand-alone, publicly traded company to be known as Herc Holdings Inc., which is expected to occur at the close of business on June 30, 2016.  








In addition to previously announced non-executive chairman Herbert Henkel and audit committee chair James Browning, the following are expected to be appointed as members of the equipment rental businesses' board of directors immediately upon separation: Pat Campbell, former 3M chief financial officer; Michael Kelly, former 3M executive vice president – electronics and engineering; Stephen Mongillo, a private investor; Courtney Mather, managing director, Icahn Capital LP; Louis Pastor, deputy general counsel of Icahn Enterprises; and, Mary Pat Salomone, former chief operating officer of The Babcock & Wilcox Company.  Hertz Equipment Rental Corporation President and Chief Executive Officer Larry Silber will also be a member of the board.
"We have assembled an extremely capable slate of board members, led by non-executive chairman Herb Henkel, that has a broad range of industry and general business experience," said John Tague, Hertz Global Holdings president and chief executive officer. "The new Herc Holdings will begin its journey as an independent company with a strong board and an exceptional leadership team.  Together, they will focus on driving improved execution, enhanced performance and creating shareholder value."
"This board has extensive executive experience with directors who have demonstrated success leading or serving in key roles at Fortune 500 companies as well as substantial board experience ," said Herbert Henkel, incoming non-executive chairman for Herc Holdings. "Collectively, they bring significant leadership vision and insight to our business. We are fortunate to have directors who are deeply familiar with businesses similar to equipment rental, which will prove valuable in advancing our strategies in the long-term interests of our shareholders."
Mr. Henkel was Ingersoll Rand's chief executive officer from 1999 until his retirement in February 2010, and he served as the company's board chairman from 2000 until June 2010.  He has extensive public company board member experience and is currently a director for 3M, where he serves as chairman of the audit committee, The Allstate Corporation and C.R. Bard, Inc.  He served as lead director on C.R. Bard's board from 2012 through May 2015 and presently serves as chairman of the compensation committee.  Previously, Mr. Henkel held director positions at AT&T Corp., Visteon Corporation, and Pitney Bowes Inc.
In addition to executive positions with Ingersoll Rand, Mr. Henkel held several leadership roles at Textron, Inc., including president and chief operating officer.
Mr. Browning retired from KPMG in 2009 after serving as a partner since 1980. He was the Southwest area professional practice partner in KPMG's Houston office.  He also served as an SEC reviewing partner and as partner in charge of KPMG's New Orleans audit practice.  Mr. Browning is currently board chairman for RigNet, Inc., a leading global provider of remote communications, and is on the board of Texas Capital Bancshares, where he serves as chairman of the audit committee.
Mr. Campbell retired from 3M in 2011 after nine years as chief financial officer and has more than 35 years of corporate finance experience, including 26 years with General Motors.  At 3M, Mr. Campbell oversaw 3M's traditional finance functions and also had responsibility for mergers and acquisitions and Information Technology.  Mr. Campbell serves on the boards of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. and SPX Flow Corporation. 
Mr. Kelly retired as executive vice president – electronics and engineering at 3M in 2015 after more than 30 years with the company.  He served in a number of management positions in the U.S. and internationally and, during the last 10 years, was a member of 3M's operations committee. Mr. Kelly serves on the board of directors for Mettler-Toledo International, Inc.  
Mr. Mongillo is a private investor and is on the board of CVR Energy, Inc., where he serves as head of the audit committee. Mr. Mongillo was a managing director of Icahn Capital, LP from 2008 to 2011 and spent 10 years at Bear Sterns & Co., most recently as senior managing director. 
Mr. Mather is a managing director for Icahn Capital LP, a position he has held since April 2014.  Prior to joining Icahn Capital, he was a managing director at Goldman Sachs & Co. Mr. Mather currently serves as a member of the board of directors for Freeport-McMoRan, Inc., Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation, Ferrous Resources Limited, Viskase Companies, Inc., American Railcar Industries, CVR Refining, LP and CVR Energy, Inc.
Mr. Pastor is deputy general counsel for Icahn Enterprises, which he joined in 2013.  Prior to joining Icahn Enterprises, he was an associate at Simpson Thatcher & Bartlett LLP, where he advised on corporate finance transactions, mergers and acquisitions and general corporate matters. Mr. Pastor is a member of the board of directors of Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation and CVR Refining, LP.
Ms. Salomone is the former senior vice president and chief operating officer of The Babcock & Wilcox Company, where she served in a number of roles from 1982 until her retirement in 2013.  Ms. Salomone currently serves as a director on the boards of TransCanada Corporation and Intertape Polymer Group.  She also is a member of the board of trustees for Youngstown State University. 
Mr. Silber was named chief executive officer of Hertz Equipment Rental Corporation in May 2015.  Previously, he was an executive advisor at Court Square Capital Partners, LLP, and also served as a member of the board of directors of SMTC Corporation since 2013 and, for a time, served as its interim president and CEO. Mr. Silber led Hayward Industries, the world's largest swimming pool equipment manufacturer as chief operating officer from 2008 to 2012, overseeing a successful transition through the recession and returning the company to solid profitability.  From 1978 to 2008, Mr. Silber worked for Ingersoll Rand in a number of roles of increasing responsibility.  He serves on the board of directors of Pike Corporation, Inc.
"I am pleased to be joined on the Herc Holdings board by such an esteemed group of seasoned business executives," said Silber.  "The collective experience and expertise of the members of our board will be tremendously valuable in advancing our business strategy and providing strong governance and oversight as we enter our new phase as an independent, publicly traded company."   
About Herc Holdings
Founded in 1965, Herc Holdings Inc., which will operate through its Herc Rentals Inc. subsidiary following the separation, is one of the leading equipment rental suppliers in North America with approximately 280 company-operated branches, of which approximately 270 are in the United States and Canada.  Herc Holdings is a full-line equipment-rental supplier in key markets, including commercial and residential construction, industrial and manufacturing, refineries and petrochemicals, civil infrastructure, automotive, government and municipalities, energy, remediation, emergency response, facilities, entertainment and agriculture.  The equipment rental business is supported by by ProSolutions™, our industry-specific solutions-based services, and our ProContractor Tools™ line, both aimed at helping customers work more efficiently, effectively and safely.  Herc Holdings' 2015 total revenues as reported in the recently filed Information Statement, were nearly $1.7 billion.  After the spin-off, the company will have approximately 4,600 employees.  For more information on Herc Holdings and its products and services, visit: www.hertzequip.com.
About Hertz Global
Hertz Global Holdings operates the Hertz, Dollar, Thrifty and Firefly car rental brands in approximately 9,980 corporate and licensee locations throughout approximately 150 countries in North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia, Australia, Africa, the Middle East and New Zealand. Hertz Global Holdings is the largest worldwide airport general use car rental company with approximately 1,635 airport locations in the U.S. and more than 1,320 airport locations internationally. Product and service initiatives such as Hertz Gold Plus Rewards, NeverLost®, Carfirmations, Mobile Wi-Fi and unique vehicles offered through the Adrenaline, Dream, Green and Prestige Collections set Hertz Global Holdings apart from the competition. Additionally, Hertz Global Holdings owns the vehicle leasing and fleet management leader Donlen Corporation, operates the Hertz 24/7 hourly car rental business in international markets and sells vehicles through its Rent2Buy program. For more information about Hertz Global Holdings, visit: www.hertz.com.
Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this release include "forward-looking statements." These statements often include words such as "believe," "expect," "project," "potential," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "estimate," "seek," "will," "may," "would," "should," "could," "forecasts" or similar expressions. These statements are based on certain assumptions that Hertz Global Holdings has made in light of its experience in the industry as well as its perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors it believes are appropriate in these circumstances. Hertz Global Holdings believes these judgments are reasonable, but you should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance or results, and actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of important factors, both positive and negative, that may be revised or supplemented in subsequent reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K.
Among other items, such factors could include: the effect of our proposed separation of our equipment rental business and ability to obtain the expected benefits of any related transaction; our ability to complete the proposed separation within the expected timeframe; changes to our senior management team; our ability to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting; levels of travel demand, particularly with respect to airline passenger traffic in the United States and in global markets; significant changes in the competitive environment, including as a result of industry consolidation, and the effect of competition in our markets on rental volume and pricing, including on our pricing policies or use of incentives; an increase in our fleet costs as a result of an increase in the cost of new vehicles and/or a decrease in the price at which we dispose of used vehicles either in the used vehicle market or under repurchase or guaranteed depreciation programs; occurrences that disrupt rental activity during our peak periods; our ability to achieve and maintain cost savings and efficiencies and realize opportunities to increase productivity and profitability; our ability to accurately estimate future levels of rental activity and adjust the size and mix of our fleet accordingly; our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and the availability to us of additional or continued sources of financing for our revenue earning equipment and to refinance our existing indebtedness; our ability to realize the operational efficiencies of the acquisition of Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group, Inc.; our ability to maintain access to third-party distribution channels, including current or favorable prices, commission structures and transaction volumes; an increase in our fleet costs or disruption to our rental activity, particularly during our peak periods, due to safety recalls by the manufacturers of our vehicles and equipment; a major disruption in our communication or centralized information networks; financial instability of the manufacturers of our vehicles and equipment, which could impact their ability to perform under agreements with us and/or their willingness or ability to make cars available to us or the rental car industry on commercially reasonable terms; any impact on us from the actions of our franchisees, dealers and independent contractors; our ability to maintain profitability during adverse economic cycles and unfavorable external events (including war, terrorist acts, natural disasters and epidemic disease); shortages of fuel and increases or volatility in fuel costs; our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions and complete dispositions; our ability to maintain favorable brand recognition; costs and risks associated with litigation and investigations; risks related to our indebtedness, including our substantial amount of debt, our ability to incur substantially more debt and increases in interest rates or in our borrowing margins; our ability to meet the financial and other covenants contained in our Senior Credit Facilities, our outstanding unsecured Senior Notes and certain asset-backed and asset-based arrangements; our ability to successfully outsource a significant portion of our information technology services or other activities; changes in accounting principles, or their application or interpretation, and our ability to make accurate estimates and the assumptions underlying the estimates, which could have an effect on earnings; changes in the existing, or the adoption of new laws, regulations, policies or other activities of governments, agencies and similar organizations where such actions may affect our operations, the cost thereof or applicable tax rates; the effect of tangible and intangible asset impairment charges; our exposure to uninsured claims in excess of historical levels; fluctuations in interest rates and commodity prices; and our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.  Additional information concerning these and other factors can be found in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K.
You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to Hertz Global Holdings or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. All such statements speak only as of the date made, and Hertz Global Holdings undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/board-of-directors-for-herc-holdings-inc-set-following-separation-from-hertz-rental-car-business-300279982.html
SOURCE  Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.hertzequip.com



 

















Jun 23, 2016, 08:00 ET
Preview: Hertz Renews Partnership With Disneyland Paris For A Further Five Years















Jun 06, 2016, 08:30 ET
Preview: Hertz Global Holdings Board of Directors Approves Separation of Car Rental and Equipment Rental Businesses and Sets Record Date






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jun 15, 2017, 08:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Hertz renews global partnership with Lufthansa and expands car...








 

Jul 18, 2017, 16:15 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. to Announce Second Quarter 2017...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Automotive
  Transportation, Trucking & Railroad
  Banking & Financial Services
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Board of Directors for Herc Holdings Inc. Set Following Separation from Hertz Rental Car Business


 News provided by
Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  
Jun 06, 2016, 08:35 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 
































The Hertz Corporation | FCPA Tracker































 





























 
 






The Hertz CorporationYou are here: Home / Product / The Hertz CorporationHertz Global Holdings, Inc. and The Hertz Corporation
(See also Herc Holdings)


Subscribe to FCPA Tracker

Corporate Headquarters:
8501 Williams Road
Estero, Florida 33928


This investigation is: Open
Latest Disclosure Date:
May 8, 2017
Date of Original Disclosure:
April 18, 2016


Agencies involved: U.S. Department of Justice, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
Countries involved: Brazil
Industry: Equipment and Vehicle Rental
SEC Form: 10-12B/A, 10-K, 10-Q



Text of Disclosure:
May 8, 2017 Form 10-Q
Governmental Investigations – In June 2014, the Company was advised by the staff of the New York Regional Office of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) that it is investigating the events disclosed in certain of the Company’s filings with the SEC. In addition, in December 2014 a state securities regulator requested information and starting in June 2016 the Company has had communications with the United States Attorney’s Office for the District of New Jersey regarding the same or similar events. The investigations and communications generally involve the restatements included in the Old Hertz Holdings Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, as filed with the SEC on July 16, 2015 (the “Old Hertz Holdings 2014 10-K”) and related accounting for prior periods. The Company has and intends to continue to cooperate with all requests related to the foregoing. Due to the stage at which the proceedings are, Hertz is currently unable to predict the likely outcome of the proceedings or estimate the range of reasonably possible losses, which may be material. Among other matters, the restatements included in the Old Hertz Holdings 2014 Form 10-K addressed a variety of accounting matters involving the Company’s Brazil vehicle rental operations.
Additionally, the Company has identified certain activities in Brazil that raise issues under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and may raise issues under other federal and local laws, which the Company has self-reported to appropriate government entities and the processes with these government entities continue. The Company is continuing to investigate these issues. The Company has established a reserve relating to the activities in Brazil which is not material. However, it is possible that an adverse outcome with respect to the activities in Brazil and the other issues discussed herein could exceed the amount accrued in an amount that could be material to the Company’s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in any particular reporting period.



March 6, 2017 Form 10-K
On June 30, 2016, former Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (for periods on or prior to June 30, 2016, “Old Hertz Holdings” and for periods after June 30, 2016, “Herc Holdings”) completed a spin-off (the “Spin-Off”) of its global vehicle rental business through a dividend to stockholders of record of Old Hertz Holdings as of the close of business on June 22, 2016, the record date for the distribution, of all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Hertz Rental Car Holding Company, Inc. (“New Hertz”), which was re-named Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. in connection with the Spin-Off, on a one-to-five basis. See Note 19 , ” Equity and Earnings (Loss) Per Share – Hertz Global ,” for further information regarding the equity of Old Hertz Holdings and Hertz Global. Hertz Global is now an independent public company and trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “HTZ”. Herc Holdings, which changed its name to Herc Holdings Inc. on June 30, 2016, trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “HRI”.
* * *
Governmental Investigations – In June 2014, the Company was advised by the staff of the New York Regional Office of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) that it is investigating the events disclosed in certain of the Company’s filings with the SEC. In addition, in December 2014 a state securities regulator requested information and starting in June 2016 the Company has had communications with the United States Attorney’s Office for the District of New Jersey regarding the same or similar events. The investigations and communications generally involve the restatements included in the Old Hertz Holdings Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, as filed with the SEC on July 16, 2015 (the “Old Hertz Holdings 2014 10-K”) and related accounting for prior periods. The Company has and intends to continue to cooperate with all requests related to the foregoing. Due to the stage at which the proceedings are, Hertz is currently unable to predict the likely outcome of the proceedings or estimate the range of reasonably possible losses, which may be material. Among other matters, the restatements included in the Old Hertz Holdings 2014 Form 10-K addressed a variety of accounting matters involving the Company’s Brazil vehicle rental operations.
Additionally, the Company has identified certain activities in Brazil that raise issues under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and may raise issues under other federal and local laws, which the Company has self-reported to appropriate government entities and the processes with these government entities continue. The Company is continuing to investigate these issues. The Company has established a reserve relating to the activities in Brazil which is not material. However, it is possible that an adverse outcome with respect to the activities in Brazil and the other issues discussed herein could exceed the amount accrued in an amount that could be material to the Company’s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in any particular reporting period.



April 18, 2016 Form 10-12B/A
Governmental Investigations – In June 2014, the Company was advised by the staff of the New York Regional Office of the SEC that it is investigating the events disclosed in certain of the Company’s filings with the SEC. In addition, in December 2014 a state securities regulator requested information regarding the same events. The investigations generally involve the restatements included in the Company’s 2014 Form 10-K and related accounting for prior periods. The Company has and intends to continue to cooperate with both the SEC and state requests. Due to the stage at which the proceedings are, Hertz is currently unable to predict the likely outcome of the proceedings or estimate the range of reasonably possible losses, which may be material. Among other matters, the restatements included in the Company’s 2014 Form 10-K addressed a variety of accounting matters involving the Company’s Brazil rental car operations. The Company has identified certain activities in Brazil that may raise issues under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local laws, which the Company has self-reported to appropriate government entities. At this time, the Company is unable to predict the outcome of this issue or estimate the range of reasonably possible losses, which could be material.

 
Start tracking investigations today
Subscribe to FCPA Tracker today for an unparalleled view of self-disclosed and open FCPA-related investigations.
Subscribe 
 





 Back to Dashboard
CountriesAngola
Argentina
Bangladesh
Brazil
China
Colombia
Congo
Greece
Guatemala
Guinea
India
Iraq
Italy
Japan
Kazakhstan
Macau
Malaysia
Mexico
Mozambique
Nigeria
Panama
Peru
Poland
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Singapore
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Syria
Turkey
Ukraine
Uzbekistan
IndustriesAdvertising
Airline
Asset Management
Auto Parts
Aviation Technology
Banking
Building Materials
Business Information
Chemicals
Climate Control
Conglomerate
Education
Engineering and Construction
Equipment and Vehicle Rental
Food Production
Food Supplements
Fund Management
Gaming
Government
Healthcare
Industrial Cleaning
Information Technology
Insurance Services
Logistics
Medical Devices
Mining
Oil and Gas Exploration and Production
Oil and Gas Services
Pharmaceutical
Power Generation
Printing
Rail Transport
Real Estate
Retail
Services
Spirits
Steel Production
Supply Chain Management
Tax Preparation Services
Technology
Telecommunications
Test Systems
Tobacco
Transaction Processing
Wind Energy
AgenciesAustralian Federal Police
Brazilian Federal Police
Brazilian Federal Prosecutor’s Office
Brazilian Federal Public Ministry
Brazilian IRS
Brazilian Public Attorneys
Brazilian Securities Commission
Colombia Attorney General
Controladoria-Geral da União
Council for Economic Defense
Economic and Financial Crime Commission
Federal Audit Board
France Parquet National Financier
Mexico Federal Attorney General’s Office
Peru State Attorney (Procuraduría Pública Ad Hoc)
Polish Central Anti-Corruption Bureau
Public Prosecutor of Milan
Royal Canadian Mounted Police
Scotland Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service
South African Police Service
Swedish Public Prosecutor
São Paulo State Prosecutor’s Office
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
UK Financial Conduct Authority
UK Financial Services Authority
UK Serious Fraud Office
SEC Forms6-K
8-K
8-K/A
10-12B/A
10-K
10-K/A
10-Q
14A
18-K
20-F
40-F
423B3
424B3
424B4
424B5
425
434B5
DEF 14A
DEF14A
DEFA14A
DEFM14A
F-4
F-4/A
Form 425
N-CSRS
NT 10-K
NT20-F
POSASR to Form F-3
PREM14A
PRER14A
S-1
S-1/A
S-3/A
S-3ASR
S-4
SUPPL
  

About FCPA Tracker FCPA Tracker scans for and analyzes public disclosures by companies and agencies about FCPA-related investigations. 
Public disclosures are complex and vary from company to company, which is why FCPA Tracker’s expertise is essential.

HelpContact Us
Contact Sales
LegalLegal
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
NavigationProduct
Solutions
Contact Sales
Blog
About
Subscribe
Sign In

























Scroll to top












Herc Holdings Inc - NYSE:HRI - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet




























 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street










































 

















Herc Holdings Inc (HRI)
Follow




                                    45.15
                                

0.23
0.51




                        NYSE : Services
                    

Aug 3, 2017 11:17 AM EDT












Prev Close
  44.92


Open
45.17


Day Low/High

                                    44.74 /
                                    45.33


52 Wk Low/High

                                    28.66 /
                                    52.96
                                


Volume
26.70K


Avg Volume 
388.50K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
28.32M


Market Cap
1.29B


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            N/A
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News














Herc Holdings To Present At Jefferies 2017 Industrials Conference
















Herc Holdings To Hold Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Webcast













Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,200 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ATHN, NCR, PII, PM, TARO
    
Downgrades:  PBNC, SCS
    
Initiations:  HRI, SUPV
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Jul 21, 2017 11:00 AM EDT









Short Interest In Herc Holdings Moves 23.2% Higher
The most recent short interest data has been released for the 06/15/2017 settlement date, which shows a 337,730 share increase in total short interest for Herc Holdings Inc , to 1,791,331, an increase of 23.23% since 05/31/2017. Total short interest is just one way to look at short data; another metric that we here at Dividend Channel find particularly useful is the "days to cover" metric because it considers both the total shares short and the average daily volume of shares traded.

Jun 27, 2017 1:45 PM EDT









Herc Holdings To Present At Multiple Upcoming Conferences
Herc Holdings Inc. ( NYSE: HRI) today announced that it will participate in the KeyBanc Industrial, Automotive, and Transportation Conference in Boston on Wednesday, May 31, 2017; the Deutsche Bank 8 th Annual Global...

May 17, 2017 4:45 PM EDT









Herc Holdings Reports First Quarter Results
Herc Holdings Inc. (NYSE: HRI) ("Herc Holdings" or the "Company") today reported financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017.

May 9, 2017 6:30 AM EDT













This Summer Travel Season Could be a Nightmare: Expect Wallet-Busting Prices on Airfare and Hotels
Are Trump's travel ban efforts and the economy affecting family travel this summer?

Apr 30, 2017 11:00 AM EDT









Herc Holdings To Hold First Quarter 2017 Earnings Webcast
Herc Holdings Inc. ( NYSE:HRI) will host a live webcast discussion of its 2017 first quarter financial results on Tuesday, May 9, 2017, beginning at 8:30 a.

Apr 26, 2017 8:30 AM EDT













How Walmart and Costco Could See a Future Flush With Profits Thanks to an Abundance of Cute Puppies
Pet costs are seen surging, as are several other top household categories.

Apr 24, 2017 2:00 PM EDT









Herc Holdings Reaches Analyst Target Price
In recent trading, shares of Herc Holdings Inc have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $48.50, changing hands for $48.94/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level.

Apr 20, 2017 1:26 PM EDT













Death of a (Used Car) Salesman? Enter Upstart Digital Car Sellers Carvana and Shift
For the time-pressed car buyer, it can't get any easier than going digital.

Apr 15, 2017 3:40 PM EDT













MKM Partners Bullish on Car Rental Sector, Hertz, Avis Stocks Rise
Hertz and Avis stocks are up on MKM's positive sentiment about the rental car space.

Mar 31, 2017 11:25 AM EDT









Herc Holdings Reports Preliminary Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2016 Results And Announces Full Year Guidance For 2017
Herc Holdings Inc. (NYSE: HRI) ("Herc Holdings" or the "Company") today reported preliminary financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016.

Mar 1, 2017 6:30 AM EST









Herc Holdings To Hold Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Webcast
Herc Holdings Inc. (NYSE:HRI) will host a live webcast discussion of its 2016 fourth quarter financial results on Wednesday, March 1, 2017, beginning at 8:30 a.

Feb 22, 2017 8:00 AM EST













Trump's Buddy Carl Icahn Just Bought More Herbalife and Hertz
Carl Icahn has taken some time out from his chummy relationship with President Trump to do some stock buying.

Feb 15, 2017 2:38 PM EST













HRI Crosses Above Average Analyst Target
In recent trading, shares of Herc Holdings Inc have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $42.00, changing hands for $43.08/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level.

Jan 19, 2017 9:39 AM EST













Herc Holdings Reports Third Quarter Results; First Quarter Operating As Stand-Alone Company
Herc Holdings Inc. (NYSE:HRI) ("Herc Holdings" or the "Company") today reported financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016.

Nov 8, 2016 6:30 AM EST













Herc Holdings To Hold Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Webcast
Herc Holdings Inc. ( NYSE:HRI) will host a live webcast discussion of its 2016 third quarter financial results on Tuesday, November 8, 2016, beginning at 8:30 a.

Oct 25, 2016 7:00 AM EDT













Herc Holdings To Participate In RBC Capital Markets Global Industrials Conference
Herc Holdings Inc. (NYSE:HRI) announced today that Larry Silber, president and chief executive officer, will participate in a "fireside chat" at the RBC Capital Markets Global Industrials Conference in Las Vegas on...

Aug 31, 2016 5:00 PM EDT













Herc Holdings Reports Second-Quarter And First-Half 2016 Results
Herc Holdings Inc. (NYSE: HRI) ("Herc Holdings" or the "Company") today reported financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2016.

Aug 9, 2016 6:00 AM EDT













Herc Rentals To Hold Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Webcast
Herc Holdings Inc. ( NYSE: HRI) will host a live webcast discussion of its 2016 second quarter financial results on Tuesday, August 9, 2016, beginning at 7:30 a.

Jul 18, 2016 8:30 AM EDT













Herc Holdings (HRI) Stock Closed Down, Coverage Initiated at KeyBanc
Herc Holdings (HRI) stock coverage was started with a ‘sector perform’ rating at KeyBanc on Wednesday.

Jul 6, 2016 4:32 PM EDT













Herc Rentals Completes Separation From Hertz Car Rental Business; Becomes An Independent, Publicly Traded Company
Herc Holdings Inc. (NYSE:HRI), the equipment rental company formerly named Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.

Jul 1, 2016 7:00 AM EDT









'Mad Money Recap': A Natural Gas Gem
Cramer believes El Paso has the potential to move much higher.

Apr 22, 2008 7:43 PM EDT























Quant Rating on 11:17 AM EDT 8/3/2017


D-
(Sell)






Get the (HRI) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Strong Results From United Rentals, Inc. May Not Imply An Upbeat Forecast From Herc Holdings.

SeekingAlpha



Robotics Outlook From ICRA 17 Insights

SeekingAlpha



Hertz: Industry Threats Are Likely Over-Exaggerated But Company Debt Remains A Key Threat

SeekingAlpha



Herc Holdings (HRI) Presents At Goldman Sachs Second Annual Leveraged Finance Conference - Slideshow

SeekingAlpha



Herc Holdings (HRI) Presents At Deutsche Bank 8th Annual Global Industrials and Materials Summit - Slideshow

SeekingAlpha



Herc Holdings (HRI) Investor Presentation - Slideshow

SeekingAlpha



Herc Holdings (HRI) Investor Presentation - Slideshow

SeekingAlpha



Tracking Larry Robbins's Glenview Capital Management Portfolio - Q1 2017 Update

SeekingAlpha



United Rentals Vs. Herc Holdings - Battle Of The Rental Companies

SeekingAlpha



Tracking Carl Icahn's Portfolio - Q1 2017 Update

SeekingAlpha



Herc Rentals downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Sidoti

The Fly



Herc reports Q1 results

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings before Tuesday’s open

SeekingAlpha



Rate pressure hits United Rentals and peers

SeekingAlpha



Herc Rentals upgraded to Overweight from Sector Weight at KeyBanc

The Fly




















TheStreet
Quant Rating:

D- (Sell)



Get the (HRI) Report Here 










 








Trending


Apple Has Discovered a Secret Pool of People That Really Want to Use iPads


Elon Musk Reveals Tons of People Have Canceled Tesla Model 3 Orders, Proving Several Key Things


Tim Cook on Trump's Claim that Apple Is Building 3 U.S. Factories: 'There's More We Can Do'


It Has Gotten So Sad for Costco and Sam's Club They Are Discounting Stuff on Groupon


Here's How Much Money Warren Buffett Has Made on Apple Stock in 2017 Alone











Advertising Partners
 
 
 
 













 












 


































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers
 
 
 
 
 
 












HERC HOLDINGS INC COM Stock | A2ALR9 | US42704L1044 | H9B1 | Overview | boerse-stuttgart.de
























 
























































                            Equities                        



                            Investment products                        



                            Leverage products                        



                            Bonds                        



                            Investment fund                        



                            ETPs                        








            DB DAX        


        12.150,50    

        -0,26%    




            EUWAX SENTIMENT        


        -22,807    
 
























PushRules & RegulationsMedia relationsContact 

                                                            +49 (0) 711 222 985 579
                                                    


Deutsch







 

            LOGIN        



Register


Forgot your password?











Stock Exchange








Company








MyExchange








Securities & Markets







Equities      Investment productsReverse ConvertiblesDiscount CertificatesBonus CertificatesIndex CertificatesMore Certificates  Leverage productsWarrantsKnock-out ProductsFactor CertificatesIntraday issues  BondsCorporate BondsFederal BondsForeign Currency BondsCovered BondsOther Bonds Exchange Traded ProductsExchange Traded FundsExchange Traded NotesExchange Traded Commodities Funds Commodities Indices Currencies  Euwax Sentiment Subscription boxSubscription process Profit Participation CertificatesProduct Overview 






News







News Ad-Hoc-News  






Tools & Services







Product FinderStock ScreenerBond FinderWarrant FinderKnock-out FinderKnocked-out Product Finder Matrix DerivativeInvestment Certificates FinderDiscount Certificates FinderBonus Certificates FinderReverse Convertibles Finder Investment Funds FinderETF FinderETC FinderETN FinderExtended Search Factor Certificates Finder Yield Calculator  Yield Curves Glossary Trading TransparencyHistorical prices archiveEuwax Archive  






Segments & Initiatives







Euwax 4x Ifx  ETF Bestx Bondx Bondm  BondxXL Bondbox BW Mittelstandsinitiative  Freiverkehr Plus  





























Stock Exchange 

Securities & Markets 

Equities 

                        Factsheet                    



 
 
 
 
 
 

















                    HERC HOLDINGS INC COM Stock                    

                        WKN A2ALR9 | ISIN US42704L1044                    


Portfolio Watchlist Historical prices archive 






Overview




News




Key figures




Chart




Portrait




Times & Sales




Stock Exchanges













































Chart



Intraday




1 W.




1 M.




3 M.




6 M.




1 Y.




5 Y.




10 Y.































































Quote



 
Bid
Ask






                Quote            

37,854 

38,048 


Units


                    1.000                
                Units            


                    1.000                
                Units            


current/rel. spread


                    0,194                



                    0,512%
                



Quote time


                    03/08/2017                



                    17:41:11                



Daily high/low (money)


                    38,064                



                    37,115                




                Change compared with  previous day (bid)                



                    -0,016                



                    -0,04%                



















 

                Trade now            






Display
















Price data



Stock exchange
Stuttgart
 



                Last                



                    37,807G                



                    0                
                Units            


Price determination time


                    03/08/2017                



                    17:09:11                



Daily volume (Units)


                    0,00                

 


Daily high/low


                    37,807                



                    37,182                




                Prev. day's price                (02/08)
            

                37,94            
 



                Change day before                



                    -0,13                



                    -0,35%                



Yearly high/low

                48,88 (28/02)            

                30,90 (19/05)            


52 week high / low

                48,88 (28/02)            

                25,57 (03/11)            





























Latest quotes





Quote time
Bid
Ask




03/08/2017 / 17:41:11
37,854
38,048


03/08/2017 / 17:40:20
37,871
38,09


03/08/2017 / 17:40:19
37,913
38,116


03/08/2017 / 17:40:19
37,531
38,116


03/08/2017 / 17:39:09
37,904
38,115


03/08/2017 / 17:37:08
37,882
38,143




    Historical quotes on HERC HOLDINGS INC COM

















Display
















Key performance figures 



 

                1 week            

                1 month            

                3 months            

                1 year            

                3 years            

                5 years            





                                Performance                            

                -5,62%            

                +10,62%            

                -9,14%            

                +25,90%            

                +812,46%            

                +2.008,95%            































News on HERC HOLDINGS INC COM





Announcement
Date
Time





No entries found





                Further news on HERC HOLDINGS INC COM            





Announcement
Date
Time





No entries found





                Further analyses on HERC HOLDINGS INC COM            





Announcement
Date
Time





No entries found






                Further ad hoc notifications on HERC HOLDINGS INC COM            





























Video
 



































HERC HOLDINGS INC COM Key figures



 

                    2017e                

                    2016                

                    2015                

                    2014                




PER

                    -                

                    -                

                    -                

                    -                


Earnings per share

                    -                

                    -                

                    -                

                    -                


Dividend

                    0,00                

                    0,00                

                    -                

                    -                


Dividend yield  in %

                    0,00                

                    0,00                

                    -                

                    -                





        Additional key figures on HERC HOLDINGS INC COM    


























HERC HOLDINGS INC COM Master data



WKN
A2ALR9


ISIN
US42704L1044


Symbol
H9B1


Exchange segment
Open Market


Type of financial instrument
Stock


Denomination
HERC HLDG


Index membership




Trading segment
-


Trading hours
8 - 22 Uhr


Currency
EUR


Sector and industry


                     -                 



Number of shares
28.324.477


Market capitalisation
1,07 Mrd.





























HERC HOLDINGS INC COM Peer group



Name
WKN
Price
Change / previous day




PENTANOVA ENERGY COR..


                    A2DS4D                


                0,324            

                +1.520,00%            


MONTAN MINING CORPOR..


                    A14P4P                


                0,022            

                +340,00%            


TERRACE ENERGY CORP


                    A1JCG2                


                0,010            

                +233,33%            


WEATHERLEY INTERNATI..


                    A0J273                


                0,010            

                +150,00%            


DELCATH SYSTEMS INC


                    A2AP0C                


                0,102            

                +82,14%            


ARIAN SILVER CORP


                    A1W4RW                


                0,009            

                +80,00%            





























 HERC HOLDINGS INC COM Corporate events



Date
Corporate event





No entries found
































Product links
No products found.


























 


























































 © 2017 Boerse Stuttgart GmbH
 

Do you like this page?










Top
 
Save
 
Print



Sitemap  
Imprint  
Terms and Conditions & Disclaimer  
Privacy  
Technology- & Datapartners  
Advertise  

                    Career                





Securities & Markets
News
Tools & Services
Segments & Initiatives





Equities 

News 

Product Finder 

Euwax 



Investment products 

Ad-Hoc-News 

Yield Calculator  

4x 



Leverage products 

                                                                                     

Yield Curves 

Ifx 



Bonds 

                                                                                     

Glossary 

ETF Bestx 



Exchange Traded Products 

                                                                                     

Trading Transparency 

Bondx 



Funds 

                                                                                     

                                                                                     

Bondm 



Commodities 

                                                                                     

                                                                                     

BondxXL 



Indices 

                                                                                     

                                                                                     

Bondbox 



Currencies 

                                                                                     

                                                                                     

BW Mittelstandsinitiative 



Euwax Sentiment 

                                                                                     

                                                                                     

Freiverkehr Plus 



Subscription box 

                                                                                     

                                                                                     

                                                                                     



Profit Participation Certificates 

                                                                                     

                                                                                     

                                                                                     




























