




Products - Kobelco Eco-Solutions Co.,Ltd.





































































HOME > Products










Kobelco Eco-Solutions' products beneficial for the society.






Industrial district

Water treatment for LCD/Semiconductor

Industrial water treatment








Water treatment plants

Water treatment process








Waste final disposal plants

Leachate treatment









Sewage disposal plants

Sewage treatment (water treatment)
Sewage treatment (sludge treatment)
Biomass Utilization








Waste treatment plants

Waste treatment








Recycle factory

PCB /Dioxin treatment (detoxification)








Steel plants

Industrial water treatment
Cooling tower








Chemical plants

Process equipment
Cooling tower
Industrial water treatment


































Back to Top






>>Privacy Policy



Copyright © 2007 KOBELCO ECO-SOLUTIONS Co.,Ltd. All rights reserved.
















Kobe Steel Ltd. - Case Studies - UNIRITA Inc.













contents

















				web
				

				unirita.co.jp




mainmenu

HOME
Products

Product & Services
LMIS
Consolidation
Job management
Report management

Case studies
Support
Users Group


Corporate Profile

Corporate Profile
BSP Group
BSP Solutions
BSP Shanghai
Our Mission
Overview
History
Office Locations


Investor Relations

Investor Relations


Careers

Careers





Top > Products & Services > Case Studies > Kobe Steel Ltd.



* The company names and the contents of the case studies are given as of the time of the interview.





		Kobe Steel, Ltd.

		Kobelco SystemsCorporation

Kobe Steel, Ltd. (hereafter "Kobe Steel"), has been a leading iron and steel producer in Japanese and global markets since its foundation in 1905. It holds the largest share in various industrial segments, ranging from iron and steel and welding products (such as steel plates and wire rods) to aluminum and copper, industrial machinery, and construction machines.
One of its group companies, Kobelco Systems Corporation (hereafter "Kobelco Systems), provides a variety of IT services, such as consulting, system integration, and outsourcing in various areas including product design, production planning, and logistics of the products Kobe Steel produces. Kobelco Systems also has strength in IT infrastructure solutions, including data center solution.
Kobe Steel is currently collaborating with Kobelco Systems on the transition of its headquarters' business systems to open systems. In 2006, as a part of the project, it began a major shift of the headquarters accounting system to a new system that uses BSP's job scheduling software, A-AUTO. This shift took only about a year. Regarding the project, BSP has recently interviewed Mr. Nobutaka Koga and Mr. Masahiro Kanto of the IT Planning Department of Kobe Steel and Mr. Masaki Nakanishi and Mr. Seiji Okubo of the Strategic Outsourcing Group of Kobelco Systems headquarters.





		Mr. Nobutaka Koga
IT Planning Department
Kobe Steel, Ltd.

Kobe Steel headquarters is working to renovate its IT infrastructure by migrating from its mainframe-based system to open systems by the end of March 2012. In the former system environment, every revision of applicable laws and regulations required a modification, which entailed high costs for maintenance. Another major problem was that the many changes and modifications had made the system so complicated that overall control and management were difficult.
Taking all this into consideration, the company determined to place open systems taking the maximum advantage of application packages as a core of the new system, and set a goal to establish an IT infrastructure that would offer high availability, low operational cost, and the ability to adapt flexibly to future modifications and extensions.
The company launched full-scale discussions for the renovation of the accounting system in 2006, and began planning and designing a new system architecture based on application packages. In April 2007, Kobe Steel set up a test environment and the preparation for the full-scale development phase started.
A-AUTO was selected for the job management of the new accounting system. Said Mr. Koga, "Internally developed operation tools had been used on the mainframe, but as part of our move to the open systems we had already adopted A-AUTO to manage jobs on open systems, such as those on financial and HR systems. Our choice for the new accounting system was also A-AUTO. Because so far we have encountered no problems in operations management, we believe that there is no reason to install any job scheduling software other than A-AUTO."





		Mr. Masahiro Kanto
IT Planning Department
Kobe Steel, Ltd.

In the migration project, the highest emphasis was placed on establishing the framework, by preparing thoroughly and selecting the team members carefully. It was very important to ensure that all of those involved in the project would achieve a consensus and a common awareness in the transition process.
"The project was expected to involve 100 to 200 members at the peak period," said Mr. Nakanishi. "We believed that it would succeed only if all members united their efforts. Because we prepared as carefully, and devoted all of the time and effort needed, the system development was completed in about six months." Mr. Nakanishi commented.
The hardest part of the development was to validate the output from the new system. They needed to be compared every day against the output from the current system. All these checks required much time and patience. Having them done by a single staff member could easily have led to mistakes or low performance, and the validation would have taken two or three months. Therefore, the project team developed a procedure by which the workload was shared by multiple staff members, in cooperation with operation staff of the old system.
Reflecting on the difficulties he faced, Mr. Kanto said, "A-AUTO was adopted in the expectation that it would work as an effective tool for job management covering the interface processing between multiple systems. We needed some efforts to control EAI tool. At the beginning of the project, we did not plan to have a test environment for A-AUTO but we ended up to set up one and tested job scheduling carefully before going into the production."
The support services provided by BSP made a large contribution to the success of the project. Mr. Okubo rated BSP's services highly, commenting, "When I sent an e-mail to my BSP contact asking questions on something I did not dunderstand, I received a prompt reply within 20 to 30 minutes. Thanks to the quick, kind, and complete responses to my e-mails, I was able to bring the project forward smoothly without delaying the validation processes.






		Mr. Masaki Nakanishi
Section Chief
Headquarters TechnicalDevelopment Office
Service Business Division
Strategic Outsourcing Group,Department I
Kobelco Systems Corporation

		Mr. Seiji Okubo
Headquarters TechnicalDevelopment Office
Service Business Division
Strategic Outsourcing Group,Department I
Kobelco Systems Corporation

In April 2008, the project was about to switch over to the production phase. This was the final stage of the project, allowing no mistake. To migrate all the data for the full-year financial closing to the new system, Kobe Steel planned to process its financial data on the old system up to the account-closing transactions for the term ending March 2008, and therefore, keep the old system operating even after the cutover of the new system. That means that two systems would be running in parallel.
The migration process was tackled by a carefully chosen team, in which the operation and development staff of the old system collaborated closely with the project team. As the project was handled mainly by people fully familiar with both systems, operations of the new system after migration went smoothly. This was the key to the success of the migration.
In May 2008, the complete migration to the new accounting system was finished in a short time, without any major problem. It was an excellent accomplishment. Its success was due to the careful and detailed making of plans and selection of team members, and the enthusiastic efforts of all of those involved.
With this project successfully completed, Kobe Steel is now working on a second one, scheduled for completion in April 2010. The next goal is to standardize the format of all data connections among the companies in headquarters. This will lead to the integration of the systems of all of these companies, and ultimately that of the entire Group. The challenges of Kobe Steel and Kobelco Systems are far from over, but past performance makes success seem assured.








【Corporate Profile】
			Company Name: Kobe Steel, Ltd.
Founded: 1905
Description of Business: Iron and steel products,wholesale power supply, aluminum and copper products,machinery, construction machinery, real estate and other businesses.
URL : http://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/


【Corporate Profile】
			Company Name: Kobelco Systems Corporation
Founded: 1983
Description of Business: Consulting services, design, development, and maintenance for business systems and networks,outsourcing and other services
URL : http://www.kobelcosys.co.jp/




【Product】
A-AUTO




Category Menu

Case Studies



PAGE TOP


Trademark | 
Privacy Policy | 

Copyright (c) UNIRITA Inc. All Rights Reserved.




























#TITLE# || KOBELCO - KOBE STEEL, LTD. -










EnglishportuguêsEspañolрусский






COMPANY

About us
Introduction to Kobe Steel 
Introduction Catalog

Management Philosophy
Business Segment
KOBELCO Welding Worldwide
Group company



PRODUCTS

Main Products
Welding Consumables
Arc welding robots
Industries - Recommended Materials
Welding Handbook Quick View
Product Quick View & Highlights
For HEAT-RESISTANT STEEL
For STAINLESS STEEL
For LOW-TEMPERATURE STEEL
Product Highlight
Catalog 
Technical Highlights
Certification
ARCMAN
Welding Robot
Software



EDUCATION CENTER

The ABC’s of Arc Welding
Fundamentals of CO2 Arc Welding
Welding of Medium / High Carbon Steels and Special Steels
Welding of Stainless Steel
Welding References
Textbooks of Welding



EVENTS

Schedule
Archive



LIBRARY

Introduction Catalog
Textbooks of Welding
Catalog 





Home >Company >About us >



About us
Introduction to the Welding Business
The Welding Business is one of the business units managed by Kobe Steel, Ltd. Since the covered electrodes for mild steel were first produced in 1942, the product range has expanded to include covered electrodes, solid wires, flux-cored wires, and welding fluxes for such materials as mild steel, high strength steel, low temperature steel, heat-resistant low-alloy steel, stainless steel, nickel-based alloy, and cast iron. In addition to such welding consumables, the Welding Business offers highly efficient welding processes and designs and produces high performance equipment such as welding robots, welding power sources, peripheral devices, and the optimized welding systems tailored for individual customers.
Introduction to Kobe Steel
Click here to enter KOBELCO's corporate website.
Page Top



Company

About us
Introduction to Kobe Steel 
Introduction Catalog
Management Philosophy
Business Segment
KOBELCO Welding Worldwide
Group company










HOMECOMPANYPRODUCTSEDUCATION CENTER
EVENTSLIBRARYCONTACT US


Copyright © 1995-2012 KOBE STEEL., LTD. All rights reserved.









Kobe Steel - Wikipedia





















 






Kobe Steel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the construction equipment subsidiary, see Kobelco Construction Machinery America.

Kobe Steel, Ltd.
株式会社神戸製鋼所





Type

Public KK


Traded as
TYO: 5406
OSE: 5406
NAG: 5406
OTC Pink: KBSTY
Nikkei 225 Component


Industry
Steel


Founded
Kobe, Japan
(September 1, 1905; 111 years ago (1905-09-01))


Headquarters
2-4, Wakinohama-Kaigandori 2-chome, Chūō-ku, Kobe, Hyōgo, 651-8585, Japan



Key people

Hiroya Kawasaki, (CEO and President)


Products



Steel products
Titanium products
Welding robots and systems
Aluminum and copper products
Construction and industrial machinery
Cranes





Revenue

$ 17.92 billion (FY 2012)
(¥ 1.685 billion) (FY 2012)



Net income


$ -286 million (FY 2012)
(¥ -26.976 billion) (FY 2012)



Number of employees

36,018 (consolidated) (as of March 31, 2013)


Website
Official website


Footnotes / references
[1][2]


Kobe Steel, Ltd. (株式会社神戸製鋼所, Kabushiki-gaisha Kōbe Seikō-sho), operating worldwide under the brand Kobelco, is a major Japanese steel manufacturer headquartered in Chūō-ku, Kobe. Kobe Steel also has a stake in Osaka Titanium Technologies.[3]
It was formed on September 1, 1905. Its location in a major city port was useful for importing and exporting iron ore and coal. Kobe Steel is the owner of the rugby team Kobe Steel Kobelco Steelers.
The company is listed on the Tokyo and Nagoya Stock Exchange, on the Osaka Securities Exchange and is a constituent of the Nikkei 225 stock index.[4] As of March 31, 2014, the company had 208 subsidiary and 62 affiliated companies across Japan, Asia, Europe, the Middle East and the US.[1]
Kobe Steel is a member of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFJ) keiretsu.



Contents


1 Business segments and products
2 Manufacturing locations
3 Gallery
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Business segments and products[edit]

Iron & Steel: ordinary wire rod, specialty steel wire rod, specialty steel wire, ordinary steel bar, specialty steel bar, heavy plate, medium plate and sheet (hot-rolled, coldrolled, surface treated), titanium and titanium alloys, foundry pig iron and pig iron for steelmaking, stainless steel tube, specialty steel products, wholesale electric power supply
Welding: covered welding electrodes, welding wire for automatic and semi-automatic welding, flux, welding robots and welding robot systems, welding power sources, welding-related testing, analysis and consulting
Aluminum & Copper: aluminum can stock, aluminum sheet for heat exchangers and automotive use, aluminum extrusions, aluminum disk material for HDDs, aluminum foil, copper sheet and strip for semiconductors, copper sheet and strip for terminals, aluminum alloy and magnesium alloy castings and forgings
Machinery: equipment for nuclear power plants, equipment for energy and chemical fields, tire and rubber machinery, plastic processing machinery, metalworking machinery
Engineering: ironmaking plants (direct reduction), other plants and equipment (pelletizing, petrochemical, etc.), nuclear power-related plants, erosion control and disaster prevention structures, civil engineering, advanced urban transit systems
Kobelco Eco-Solutions: industrial water plants, water and sewage plants, ultrapure and pure water, industrial water and waste water treatment equipment, recycling plants for processing organic waste materials (sewage sludge and foodstuffs), municipal waste incineration and melting plants, Bulky waste recycling facilities for bulky waste, Polychlorinated biphenyl waste treatment facilities, brewing equipment, hydrogen oxygen generator, environmental analysis
Kobelco Construction Machinery: hydraulic excavators, mini excavators, wheel loaders, road-building equipment, demolition machines
Kobelco Cranes:crawler cranes, rough terrain cranes, work vessels
Other: sputtering targets, superconducting products, real estate services, administration of public facilities[5][6]

Manufacturing locations[edit]

Kakogawa, Hyōgo
Kobe, Hyogo
Takasago, Hyōgo
Fujisawa, Kanagawa
Ibaraki, Osaka
Nishijo, Higashihiroshima, Hiroshima
Mooka, Tochigi
Chofu, Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi
Daian, Inabe, Mie
Harima, Hyōgo
Moore, South Carolina
Hayward, California (Kobe Precision, Inc.)[7]

Gallery[edit]













Kakogawa Works 













Kobe Steel headquarters 













Entrance to Kobe Works 






See also[edit]


Japan portal
Engineering portal
Companies portal



Kobeseiko Te-Gō

References[edit]



^ a b "Corporate Profile". Retrieved April 13, 2014. 
^ "Consolidated Financial Results for Fiscal 2012" (PDF). Retrieved April 13, 2014. 
^ "Key events". Osaka Titanium Technologies. Retrieved 15 August 2011. 
^ "Components:Nikkei Stock Average". Nikkei Inc. Retrieved April 13, 2014. 
^ "Business Activities". Retrieved April 13, 2014. 
^ "Facts & Figures Report 2012" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on December 3, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2014. 
^ "Kobe Precision Introduces Copper Wafer Recycling Process". Laboratory Network.com. July 14, 1999. Retrieved April 13, 2014. 



External links[edit]

Official global website (in English)
Kobe Steel Group of Companies
History of Kobe Steel Group
Kobelco Construction Machinery Europe







v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 163475770
ISNI: 0000 0001 1223 999X
GND: 129985-2
NDL: 00287876









This article about a Japanese corporation– or company–related topic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kobe_Steel&oldid=786365583"					
Categories: Nikkei 225Steel companies of JapanCrane manufacturersConstruction equipment manufacturersCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Nagoya Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeManufacturing companies based in KobeManufacturing companies established in 19051905 establishments in JapanDefense companies of JapanJapanese brandsCompanies traded over-the-counter in the United StatesMidori-kaiJapanese company stubsHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaArticles containing Japanese-language textWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենBahasa Indonesia日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 June 2017, at 00:47.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






