





What is a product? definition and meaning - BusinessDictionary.com 

























product






















Definitions (3)













+ Create New Flashcard








Related Terms






1. A good, idea, method, information, object or service created as a result of a process and serves a need or satisfies a want. It has a combination of tangible and intangible attributes (benefits, features, functions, uses) that a seller offers a buyer for purchase. For example a seller of a toothbrush not only offers the physical product but also the idea that the consumer will be improving the health of their teeth. 									

2. Law: A commercially distributed good that is (1) tangible personal property, (2) output or result of a fabrication, manufacturing, or production process, and (3) passes through a distribution channel before being consumed or used. 									

3. Marketing: A good or service that most closely meets the requirements of a particular market and yields enough profit to justify its continued existence. As long as cars are manufactured, companies such as Michelin that produce tires fill the market need and continue to be profitable. 									







										business-to-con...									





										quality loss fu...									





										media kit									





										basic product									





										potential marke...									





										concept									





										ConformitÃ© Eur...									





										development sta...									





										hard manufactur...									





										value drivers									





										life cycle cost...									





										circular merger									





										product life cy...									









Use 'product' in a Sentence


When you are working as a sales agent, you must persuade people that your products are useful and interesting so that you can make the most money.





27
												people found this helpful
											










His idea for a product was a genius one, but he didn't have enough money to make or produce it on his own.





17
												people found this helpful
											










Janice know a lot about hair products because, as a professional stylist and owner of her very own hair salon, she uses them quite regularly to style her client's hair.





16
												people found this helpful
											









 


Show More Examples




You Also Might Like...






                                Lea Nathan                            

                                The 10 Steps of the Procurement Cycle                            

                            			Management in any company must understand the art of obtaining products and services. The procurement cycle follows specific steps for identifying a requirement or need of the company through the final step of the award of the product or contract. ...                            			Read more

 






                                Ravinder Kapur                            

                                How to Use Factoring for Cash Flow                            

                            			One of the biggest challenges that an entrepreneur faces is the management of cash flows. It is never easy to accurately predict when your customers will pay. On the other hand, there are often payments to be made that are difficult to anticipate. ...                            			Read more














                                Leo Sun                            

                                Valuation Metrics for Small Businesses                            













                                Leo Sun                            

                                How to Start an eBay Business                            













                                Lea Nathan                            

                                Three Objectives of Brand Awareness                            







Notable Quotable



										Price Discrimination 101									

										"Price discrimination is the practice of charging different prices to different customers. Despite the name, the practice is usually legal, as long as it's not discriminating based on race, gender, age, etc. Perfect price discrimination is the theoretical ideal of charging each customer the maximum that they would pay. This is impossible to achieve in practice, although trying to approximate it is a worthwhile goal. Some examples of price discrimination are: hardback and paperback editions of books; "lite" versions of software that include fewer features or lack customer support; premium pricing for faster response; discounts to price-sensitive customers willing to use coupons or rebates; and quantity discounts. Remember that when you price discriminate you become your own competitor and need to be careful that you don't end up encouraging customers who would've paid a higher price to opt for a lower-priced version of your product."
									

										- Tom Murcko									



										Why the Financial Industry Exists									

										"The entire financial industry exists to sell product. If you don't understand this basic maxim, you'll be misled time after time."
									

										- Timothy Vick									



										New Startups and New Products									

										"We often tell startups to release a minimal version one as soon as possible, then let the needs of their users tell them what to do next. In essense, let the market design the product."
									

										- Paul Graham									



										9 Ways to Develop Consistant Revenue Streams (8 of 9)									

										"8. Products - Developing a product is a great way to get income regularly with out having to "hunt down" the latest client. Once it is created there often is little effort beyond processing orders and shipping them out. This could be anything from a sharp photograph portfolio, to workbooks, a script or piece of software. There are a million possibilities out there, and none of them have to make you rich. If the goal is to supplement your freelance income then any additional sales is simply a benefit!"
									

										- GoldBusinessTips									



										What is Wealth?									

										"Wealth is the product of man's ability to think."
									

										- Ayn Rand									



										5 Criteria for a profitable Online Business (5 of 5)									

										"Products with high fixed price - Make sure you command a fixed price for a ebook you think should be worthy of how much, If your ebook could really help the others, the price set should not be a factor to the buyer since he makes money out of the ebook he bought from you! Have confidence in your sales!"
									

										- Unknown									



















						Email
					


						Print
					


						Embed
					

Copy & paste this HTML in your website to link to this page
product





Popular 'Economics, Politics, & Society' Terms




												immediate family												






												dislocated worker												






												business												






												globalization												






												marginal benefit												






												revenue												






												elasticity of demand												










Mentioned in These Terms




												optional product pricing												






												Certificate of Product Origin												






												defective product												






												product group												






												product launch												






												product extension merger												






												derivative product												













Browse Dictionary by Letter:
#

								A							

								B							

								C							

								D							

								E							

								F							

								G							

								H							

								I							

								J							

								K							

								L							

								M							

								N							

								O							

								P							

								Q							

								R							

								S							

								T							

								U							

								V							

								W							

								X							

								Y							

								Z							




















 Top 5 Biggest Decisions Business Owners Make | Chron.com              Skip to main content.  Top 5 Biggest Decisions Business Owners Make  by Diana Wicks        Small-business owners must make carefully calculated decisions. Comstock/Comstock/Getty Images   Related Articles  1 [Corporate Governance] | The Role of Accounting in Corporate Governance 2 [Examples] | Examples of Making Ethical Decisions in Business 3 [Financial Manager] | Decisions a Financial Manager Can Make That Would Have an Adverse Effect on a Business 4 [Business Decision Making] | Importance of Business Decision Making    Business owners will find that they have to wear all the business hats when starting up and managing their businesses. This means that the owner acts as the operations manager, the human resource manager and the marketer all at once. Business owners are faced with a myriad of decisions to make, but some of these decisions are more essential to the profitable existence of the business than others.        Financial Decisions Business owners constantly face decisions about business finances. For start-ups, decisions about how to fund the business and the most appropriate source of funding are important. For businesses that are already in existence, decisions about how to manage cash flow and acquire assets are equally important. So important are decisions on financials that many business owners rely on professionals such as accountants for expert insight. Structure Different legal structures include sole proprietorship, general partnership and limited liability corporations. Each of these business structures has their own implications in terms of liability, profit and cost-sharing as well as for purposes of income taxation. Sometimes, established businesses may want to change the legal structure of the business, too. Thus both established and start-up businesses have to make decisions about legal structure. Strategic Decisions Strategic decisions are long-term decisions that will place the business at a profitable position. These include decisions about developing new products or getting into strategic alliances such as joint ventures. Strategic decisions are decisions that are typically laden with a lot of risk. For example, a business owner who makes the decision to get into a joint venture alliance faces the risk of the alliance failing to meet his objectives. The business may thus have to shut down or start again from scratch. Manpower Personnel is one of the greatest assets of a business. A business owner must make decisions about recruiting and hiring personnel. The business owner must approve criteria and methods of hiring the most competent employees. He must also make decisions about job descriptions, employee roles and responsibility. Additionally, the business owner has final say on matters such as compensation and benefits structures for his employees. Operational Decisions Business owners have to make decisions on how they will run the business. Operational decisions are not just decisions about administrative tasks. They include choosing the right suppliers and distribution channels for products. Operational decisions also include decisions on how to market the product and to bring it closer to the target customer. Operational decisions such as these play a significant role in determining a business' sales revenues and also operational costs, which need to be sustainable.              References (3)   Quantisoft: Making Better Business Decisions; Important Business Decisions Often Involve a High Level of RiskMonster: Small Business HR: Keep Up with Employee Performance ReviewsManagement Study Guide: Strategic Decisions - Definition and Characteristics   About the Author Diana Wicks is a Canadian residing in Vancouver. She began writing in 2004 while still a student at Lincoln School of Journalism, in the city of London. She has worked as Chief Editor of Business Chronicle, an online magazine based in London. Wicks holds a Bachelor of Arts (Honors) in journalism and a Master of Business Administration from the London School of Economics.   Photo Credits  Comstock/Comstock/Getty Images    Suggest an Article Correction      Related Searches           More Articles    [Decision Making] | What Is Strategic Decision Making?    [Business Operations] | What Role Does an Accountant Play in Business Operations?    [Business Decisions] | Tools for Business Decisions    [Decision-Making Process] | What Are the Steps in the Decision-Making Process of a Manager?          Also Viewed  [Decision-Making Process] | The Decision-Making Process in an Organization [Management Decision] | Levels of Management Decision Making [Tactical Planning] | Example of Tactical Planning in Business [Management Accounting] | Why Management Accounting Is Important in Decision-Making [Unprogrammed Decisions] | What Is the Difference Between Programmed & Unprogrammed Decisions From a Business Perspective? [Business Decisions] | The Impact of Finance on Business Decisions [Decision] | Decision Making Strategies in Business            



Business Vision and Company Mission Statement












 QuickMBA / Strategy /
Vision & Mission Statement




The Business Vision andCompany Mission Statement

While a business must continually adapt to its competitive environment, there are certain core ideals that remain relatively steady and provide guidance in the process of strategic decision-making. These unchanging ideals form the business vision and are expressed in the company mission statement.
In their 1996 article entitled Building Your Company's Vision, James Collins and Jerry Porras provided a framework for understanding business vision and articulating it in a mission statement.
The mission statement communicates the firm's core ideology and visionary goals, generally consisting of the following three components:

Core values to which the firm is committed
Core purpose of the firm
Visionary goals the firm will pursue to fulfill its mission

The firm's core values and purpose constitute its core ideology and remain relatively constant. They are independent of industry structure and the product life cycle.
The core ideology is not created in a mission statement; rather, the mission statement is simply an expression of what already exists. The specific phrasing of the ideology may change with the times, but the underlying ideology remains constant.
The three components of the business vision can be portrayed as follows:




Core Values    CorePurpose
   
  BusinessVision  
    
  VisionaryGoals  



Core Values
The core values are a few values (no more than five or so) that are central to the firm. Core values reflect the deeply held values of the organization and are independent of the current industry environment and management fads.
One way to determine whether a value is a core value to ask whether it would continue to be supported if circumstances changed and caused it to be seen as a liability. If the answer is that it would be kept, then it is core value. Another way to determine which values are core is to imagine the firm moving into a totally different industry. The values that would be carried with it into the new industry are the core values of the firm.
Core values will not change even if the industry in which the company operates changes. If the industry changes such that the core values are not appreciated, then the firm should seek new markets where its core values are viewed as an asset.
For example, if innovation is a core value but then 10 years down the road innovation is no longer valued by the current customers, rather than change its values the firm should seek new markets where innovation is advantageous.
The following are a few examples of values that some firms has chosen to be in their core:

excellent customer service
pioneering technology
creativity
integrity
social responsibility


Core Purpose
The core purpose is the reason that the firm exists. This core purpose is expressed in a carefully formulated mission statement. Like the core values, the core purpose is relatively unchanging and for many firms endures for decades or even centuries. This purpose sets the firm apart from other firms in its industry and sets the direction in which  the firm will proceed.
The core purpose is an idealistic reason for being. While firms exist to earn a profit, the profit motive should not be highlighted in the mission statement since it provides little direction to the firm's employees. What is more important is how the firm will earn its profit since the "how" is what defines the firm.
Initial attempts at stating a core purpose often result in too specific of a statement that focuses on a product or service. To isolate the core purpose, it is useful to ask "why" in response to first-pass, product-oriented mission statements. For example, if a market research firm initially states that its purpose is to provide market research data to its customers, asking "why" leads to the fact that the data is to help customers better understand their markets. Continuing to ask "why" may lead to the revelation that the firm's core purpose is to assist its clients in reaching their objectives by helping them to better understand their markets.
The core purpose and values of the firm are not selected - they are discovered. The stated ideology should not be a goal or aspiration but rather, it should portray the firm as it really is. Any attempt to state a value that is not already held by the firm's employees is likely to not be taken seriously.

Visionary Goals
The visionary goals are the lofty objectives that the firm's management decides to pursue. This vision describes some milestone that the firm will reach in the future and may require a decade or more to achieve. In contrast to the core ideology that the firm discovers, visionary goals are selected.
These visionary goals are longer term and more challenging than strategic or tactical goals. There may be only a 50% chance of realizing the vision, but the firm must believe that it can do so. Collins and Porras describe these lofty objectives as "Big, Hairy, Audacious Goals." These goals should be challenging enough so that people nearly gasp when they learn of them and realize the effort that will be required to reach them.
Most visionary goals fall into one of the following categories:


Target - quantitative or qualitative goals such as a sales target or Ford's goal to "democratize the automobile."
Common enemy - centered on overtaking a specific firm such as the 1950's goal of Philip-Morris to displace RJR.
Role model - to become like another firm in a different industry or market. For example, a cycling accessories firm might strive to become "the Nike of the cycling industry."
Internal transformation - especially appropriate for very large corporations. For example, GE set the goal of becoming number one or number two in every market it serves.

While visionary goals may require significant stretching to achieve, many visionary companies have succeeded in reaching them. Once such a goal is reached, it needs to be replaced; otherwise, it is unlikely that the organization will continue to be successful. For example, Ford succeeded in placing the automobile within the reach of everyday people, but did not replace this goal with a better one and General Motors overtook Ford in the 1930's.

Recommended Reading


Jeffrey Abrahams, The Mission Statement Book: 301 Corporate Mission Statements from America's Top Companies
Features 300 mission statements from companies such as:

American Express
AT&T Corp.
Ben & Jerry's Homemade, Inc.
Blockbuster Inc.
Coca-Cola
Exxon
FedEx Corporation
Ford Motor Company
General Electric Company
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
Kellogg Company
Levi Strauss & Co.
Microsoft Corporation
Nike
Southwest Airlines Co.
Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc.
United Parcel Service
Washington Mutual Inc.






  QuickMBA / Strategy /
Vision & Mission Statement
Home  |  Site Map  |  About  |  Contact  |  Privacy  |  Reprints  |  User Agreement



The articles on this website are copyrighted material and may not be reproduced,
stored on a computer disk, republished on another website, or distributed in any
form without the prior express written permission of QuickMBA.com.





  Accounting | 
Business Law | 
Economics | 
Entrepreneurship | 
Finance | 
Management | 
Marketing | 
Operations | 
Statistics | 
Strategy








Search QuickMBA





























What Makes Strategic Decisions Different


























































2/3 Free Articles leftRemaining 



Register for more

 | 


Subscribe + Save!















MENU

 





 













SUGGESTED TOPICS








 

 


Subscribe



  Hi, 




Sign In
Register






Items added to cart

Your Shopping Cart is empty.
Visit our store




 









MY LIBRARY
TOPIC FEEDS
PURCHASES
ACTIVITY
ACCOUNT SETTINGS
EMAIL PREFERENCES
LOG OUT










SUGGESTED TOPICS
































										Loading...
									





Decision making

What Makes Strategic Decisions Different


Phil Rosenzweig


From the November 2013 Issue
					









 SUMMARY FULL TEXT
 SAVE
 SHARE
COMMENT
 TEXT SIZE
 PRINT
 PDF
8.95 BUY COPIES





















View more from the

November 2013 Issue






Explore the Archive












										Loading...
									





Executive Summary
Reprint: R1311F
The past decade has seen a wealth of research on decision making, yet business executives seem impervious to its lessons. The problem is not that they lack the desire to make better decisions. It’s that the bulk of the research does not apply to the kind of decision that’s most challenging for them.
Decisions vary along two dimensions. The first considers whether the decision maker can influence the terms and the outcome. The second addresses whether the aim is to do well or to do better than others. Before making any decision, the most important thing is to understand what kind it is.
Decision research has produced good advice for routine choices and judgments, such as personal investment decisions, where people are choosing among the products before them, have no ability to change them, and are not competing with anyone. For these decisions, research has shown, it’s important to avoid common biases.
But strategic decisions, such as entering a new market or acquiring another company, are completely different. Executives can actively influence outcomes. Furthermore, success means doing better than rivals. For these decisions, executives need more than an ability to avoid common biases. They require a talent for clear-eyed analysis and the ability to take bold action.






Photography: Stephen Petegorsky


Artwork:
Matt Phillips, 
  Prop, 2012, oil on canvas, 20″ x 24″
 

The past decade has seen a wealth of research on decision making, much of it not only useful but also fascinating to read. At the same time, a growing chorus has noted that business executives, in particular, are largely impervious to its lessons. They seem unable to apply those lessons, or perhaps uninterested in doing so. Advances in our understanding of decision making have not been matched by improvements in practice.
Having thought about this puzzle for some time, I suggest that there is a good explanation for the disconnect. It’s not that executives lack the desire to make better decisions or that they’re in denial about their propensity for error. The problem lies elsewhere. It’s that the bulk of the decision-making research published to date applies to one type of decision, and it’s not the type that’s most challenging for managers. Their most important and most difficult decisions—strategic decisions with consequences for the performance of the company—call for a very different approach.
The fact is that people need to make up their minds in a great variety of circumstances, and it’s a source of confusion that the same word, “decision,” is used for all of them. When a grocery store customer encounters an entire aisle of breakfast cereals, we say he has a decision to make. When a high school senior considers which college to attend, we say she is facing a decision. When a poker player weighs whether to raise or fold, that’s a decision, too. And when a company faces an opportunity—to enter a new market, acquire another company, or launch a new product—what is required of its management? A decision. The same term is applied to routine as well as complex deliberations, to both small-stakes bets and high-stakes commitments, and to exploratory steps as well as irreversible moves. It stands to reason that insights about decisions in one kind of circumstance might not shed much light on decisions in another. Even worse, they may lead a decision maker astray.
In this article I’ll argue that before we can advise people on how to make better strategic decisions, we need to equip them to recognize how decisions differ. For that, we need to break the universe of decisions into a few categories. We can then suggest the best approach for each.
Let me propose a way.
Categorizing Decisions
Decisions vary along two dimensions: control and performance. The first considers how much we can influence the terms of the decision and the outcome. Are we choosing among options presented to us, or can we shape those options? Are we making a onetime judgment, unable to change what happens after the fact, or do we have some control over how things play out once we’ve made the decision? The second dimension addresses the way we measure success. Is our aim to do well, no matter what anyone else does, or do we need to do better than others? That is, is performance absolute or relative?
There are other ways to think about decisions, of course. Some are made by people acting as individuals and others by people acting as leaders of organizations; some are one-offs while others are part of a sequence, with the results of one letting us improve the next. But as a basic way to understand how decisions differ, control and performance are the two dimensions that matter most. Combining them creates four fields of decisions. (See the exhibit “Four Types of Decisions.”)

Four Types of Decisions

To get better at making decisions, it’s important to recognize the different types. Those in the first field of the matrix—where we have no control over outcomes and our performance is absolute (we aren’t competing with anyone)—include consumer choices and personal investment decisions. Those in the fourth field—where we can influence outcomes and need to outperform rivals—include the strategic decisions that are most challenging for managers, such as launching a new product or entering a new market.



    Find this and other HBR graphics in our 
    Visual Library 




1: Making routine choices and judgments.
When you go shopping in a supermarket or a department store, you typically pick from the products before you. Those items, perhaps a jug of milk or a jar of jam, are what they are. You have no ability to improve them. Control is low. Moreover, you make the choice that suits you best—it doesn’t matter what anyone else is buying. Performance is absolute. The same goes for most personal investment decisions. You may be able to decide which company’s shares to buy, but you can’t improve their performance after you buy them. You want high returns but aren’t trying to do better than others. The goal is to do well, not to finish first in a competition.


In recent years, trailblazing research by cognitive psychologists and behavioral economists has demonstrated that people make decisions in ways that do not conform to the tenets of economic rationality. They exhibit systematic biases. Those findings have shed light on many first-field decisions in particular. For example, we now understand that the way options are framed and presented can shape our purchasing decisions. We know that investors often misunderstand the nature of random events, imagining that several gains indicate that a correction is due or that a string of losses means gains must follow—an error known as the gambler’s fallacy. They also fall victim to the sunk cost fallacy, throwing good money after bad in an effort to recoup what they’ve lost. For many first-field decisions, research has taught us to be aware of and try to minimize these common biases.
2: Influencing outcomes.
Many decisions involve more than selecting among options we cannot improve or making judgments about things we cannot influence. In so much of life, we use our energy and talents to make things happen. Imagine that the task at hand is to determine how long we will need to complete a project. That’s a judgment we can control; indeed, it’s up to us to get the project done. Here, positive thinking matters. By believing we can do well, perhaps even holding a level of confidence that is by some definitions a bit excessive, we can often improve performance. Optimism isn’t useful in picking stocks whose performance we cannot change, but in the second field, where we have the ability to influence outcomes, it can be very important.







Some activities call for us to move between the first and second fields, shifting our mind-set back and forth. The approach known as “deliberate practice,” which can lead to expert performance (see “The Making of an Expert,”  by K. Anders Ericsson, Michael J. Prietula, and Edward T. Cokely, HBR July–August 2007), is based on objective and deliberate thinking before an event, full commitment with a positive attitude while taking action, and then a return to dispassionate analysis after the event—what is known as an after-action review. The ability to shift effectively between mind-sets is a crucial element of high performance in many repeated tasks of short duration, from sports to sales.


For many routine choices and judgments, research has taught us to be aware of and try to minimize common biases.


3: Placing competitive bets.
The third field introduces a competitive dimension. Success is no longer a matter of absolute performance but depends on how well you do relative to others. The best decisions must anticipate the moves of rivals. That’s the essence of strategic thinking, which Princeton professor Avinash Dixit and Yale professor Barry Nalebuff define as “the art of outdoing an adversary, knowing that the adversary is trying to do the same to you.” Investments in stocks are typically first-field decisions, but if you’re taking part in a contest where the investor with the highest return takes the prize, you’re in the third field. Now you need to make decisions with an eye to what your rivals will do, anticipating their likely moves so that you can have the best chance of winning.
In the third field, guidance comes from the branch of economics that studies competitive dynamics: game theory. Well-known illustrations of game theory include the prisoner’s dilemma and the game rock-paper-scissors, in which the winner is determined by the interaction of all players’ decisions. Game theory can illuminate areas from price competition to geopolitics, yet it has an important limitation: Players cannot alter the terms of the game. The possible moves are specified, and gains and costs cannot be changed. That’s a helpful simplification for purposes of modeling, but it reduces the value for managers. Management, after all, is precisely about influencing outcomes over time. That’s why Herbert Simon, in his 1978 Nobel Prize address, commented that for all its sophistication, game theory does not provide “satisfactory descriptions of actual human behavior.” An essential aspect of so many crucial decisions is absent.
Decisions in the Fourth Field
The crux of our discussion comes into focus when we consider the fourth field. For these decisions, we can actively influence outcomes, and success means doing better than rivals. Here we find the essence of strategic management.


When positive thinking can influence outcomes, only those who go beyond what seems reasonable will succeed.


Business executives aren’t like shoppers picking a product or investors choosing a stock, simply making a choice that leads to one outcome or another. By the way they lead and communicate, and through their ability to inspire and encourage, executives can influence outcomes. That’s the definition of “management.” Moreover, they are in charge of organizations that compete vigorously with others; doing better than rivals is vital. That’s where strategy comes in.
The decisions to enter a new market, release a new product, or acquire another firm are all in the fourth field, but we can find many examples beyond business. In sports, a coach shapes the performance of athletes, melding them into an effective team that can outperform the opponent. Or think of politics. For a voter, casting a ballot is essentially a first-field decision: You vote for the candidate you prefer. For the candidate, however, the reality is very different. Election day is the last hurdle in a long process in which performance is relative—only one person can win—and outcomes can and must be shaped. Candidates need to inspire donors, build an organization, attract and motivate campaign workers, and ultimately persuade voters. A winning political campaign depends on a smart assessment of rivals as well as the ability to mobilize supporters, often in the face of long odds. 
 
The fourth field includes some of the most consequential decisions of all, but because of their complexity they don’t lend themselves to the careful controls of laboratory experiments, so we know less about how best to make them. (See the sidebar “First-Field Research, Fourth-Field Decisions.”) What sort of mind-set do they require? When we can influence outcomes, it is useful to summon high levels of self-belief. And when we need to outperform rivals, such elevated levels are not just useful but indeed essential. Only those who are able to muster a degree of commitment and determination that is by some definitions excessive will be in a position to win. That’s not to say that wildly optimistic thinking will predictably lead to success. It won’t. But in tough competitive situations where positive thinking can influence outcomes, only those who are willing to go beyond what seems reasonable will succeed.

First-Field Research, Fourth-Field Decisions

In many of the most consequential decisions executives face—whether to acquire a company, say, or launch a new product—they can influence the outcomes, and their choices are successful only if they’re better than the competition’s.
These decisions fall into the fourth field of a matrix that categorizes decisions along two dimensions: our control over the outcome and whether the outcome depends on other people’s decisions. We would benefit greatly from improving how we make these fourth-field decisions. Yet most recent research has examined judgment and choice in first-field decisions, which offer no control over outcomes and can be successful regardless of what anyone else does.
This focus stems in part from the power of carefully controlled experiments, which are an ideal way to isolate the cognitive mechanisms of human thought. By asking subjects to make choices among clearly stated options or to make judgments about things they cannot influence, we derive responses that can be neatly compared, free of extraneous factors. Decision research has made profound contributions because of the rigor of its experimental methods.
The unintentional effect, however, is that less research has focused on the second and third fields, and much less on the fourth field, where the ability to influence outcomes makes the comparison of responses across people problematic, and where the need to outperform rivals adds further complexity. Thus the paradox: Fourth-field decisions, which in real life include many of the most important, have received the least attention.
Decision experiments have certainly improved our understanding of the human mind, with many practical applications. The danger lies in taking the findings that are appropriate for one kind of decision and applying them to other kinds. We should not be surprised if business executives seem not to embrace this advice. Strategic decisions are fundamentally different from the routine choices and judgments so elegantly captured in laboratory settings. To do justice to the decisions executives face, researchers should employ a wider range of methods.


In recent years a great deal of attention has focused on teaching executives to be aware of common biases and to avoid their ill effects. (See “Before You Make That Big Decision…”  by Daniel Kahneman, Dan Lovallo, and Olivier Sibony, HBR June 2011.) Of course it’s good to appreciate the lessons of cognitive psychology and to understand the propensity for common errors. But if we apply those lessons to the world of strategic management, we’re missing a trick. When facing decisions in the fourth field, executives need on the one hand a talent for careful and dispassionate analysis, which we call left-brain thinking, and on the other hand a willingness to push boundaries, which we call the right stuff.
Discernment and Versatility
In the course of their daily responsibilities, executives face a range of decisions, often in each of the four fields outlined here. Before making any decision, the most important thing is to understand which field it is in. For routine judgments and choices, where we cannot influence outcomes and need not consider the competition, well-known lessons about avoiding common biases make good sense. For other decisions, a different set of skills is needed.
In his profile of St. Louis Cardinals manager Tony La Russa, Buzz Bissinger wrote that baseball managers require “the combination of skills essential to the trade: part tactician, part psychologist, part riverboat gambler.” That’s a good description of many kinds of decision makers, in business as well as in sports. The tactician plays a competitive game—sensing the actions of rivals, anticipating the way a given move may lead to a countermove, and planning the best response. The psychologist must shape outcomes by inspiring others, by setting goals and providing encouragement, and by offering clear and direct feedback. The riverboat gambler knows that outcomes aren’t just a matter of cold numbers and probabilities; it’s also important to read an opponent in order to know when to raise the stakes, when to bluff, and when to fold.
Decision makers need to develop two vital skills. First, they must be able to discern the nature of the decision at hand. Second, they need to respond with the appropriate approach, able to act now as a psychologist, then as a tactician, next as a riverboat gambler, and perhaps once again as a psychologist. When it comes to the most complex decisions of all, those that drive the fortunes of organizations, executives need more than an ability to avoid common errors. They require a seemingly contradictory blend: a talent for clear-eyed analysis and the ability to take bold action.

A version of this article appeared in the November 2013 issue of Harvard Business Review.








Phil Rosenzweig is a professor of strategy and international business. Since 2009, he has served as director of IMD’s Executive MBA Program. His newest book, forthcoming in January 2014, is Left Brain, Right Stuff: How Leaders Make Winning Decisions.








This article is about DECISION MAKING




 Follow this topic



 Following





Related Topics:

Strategic thinking














						Loading...
					












				Loading...
			























Partner Center
































  













