 



BTS Group AB Interim Report January 1 – September 30, 2015: "Earnings up 42 Percent" | Business Wire
























































BTS Group AB Interim Report January 1 – September 30, 2015: "Earnings 
      up 42 Percent"






November 10, 2015 01:20 PM Eastern Standard Time



STOCKHOLM--(BUSINESS WIRE)--January 1–September 30, 2015




        Net sales amounted to MSEK 751.5 (537.2). Adjusted for changes in 
        foreign exchange rates, growth was 17 percent.
      

        Profit before tax increased by 42 percent to MSEK 73.8 (52.0).
      

        Profit after tax increased by 39 percent to MSEK 49.1 (35.4).
      

        Earnings per share increased by 38 percent to SEK 2.63 (1.90).
      


Third quarter 2015



        Net sales amounted to MSEK 248.6 (189.3). Adjusted for changes in 
        foreign exchange rates, growth was 14 percent.
      

        Profit before tax increased by 23 percent to MSEK 25.3 (20.5).
      

        Profit after tax increased by 18 percent to MSEK 16.7 (14.1).
      

        Earnings per share increased by 17 percent to SEK 0.89 (0.76).
      


      New clients during the first nine months of 2015 include Aditya Birla, 
      Barclays Africa, Citizens Bank, Danone, Experian, Gas Natural, Olympus, 
      Qlik, Ross Stores, Sabre, Sandoz, Santander, Uber and Visa.
    

CEO comments:


      “BTS had a strong third quarter, by far the best ever. Revenue increased 
      14%, currency adjusted, and earnings were up 23%. During the first nine 
      months of 2015, growth was 17% and earnings increased 42%,” commented 
      Henrik Ekelund, President and CEO, BTS Group. “During the year we have 
      made major investments in product development and innovation in our 
      digital solutions. Our new offerings BTS Pulse and BTS Digital Journey 
      have been well received and will be generally launched at the beginning 
      of 2016.”
    

About BTS Group AB


      BTS is a global professional services firm headquartered in Stockholm, 
      Sweden, with 450 professionals in 32 offices on six continents. We serve 
      a wide range of strategy execution and talent development needs. We 
      partner with nearly 450 organizations, including 30 of the world’s 100 
      largest global corporations. Our major clients include: AT&T, Chevron, 
      Coca-Cola, Ericsson, Google, GSK, HP, HSBC, Salesforce.com, Telstra, and 
      Unilever.
    

      BTS is a public company on the Nasdaq OMX, trading under the symbol BTS 
      B.
    

      For more information, visit www.bts.com.
    

Every care has been taken in the translation of this press release. 
      In the event of discrepancies, however, the Swedish original will 
      supersede the English translation. This information has been disclosed 
      according to the Financial Instruments Trading Act and/or Securities 
      Trading Act.



Contacts

      BTSThomas Ahlerup, +46-8-5870 7002Mobile +46-768-966 300Senior 
      Vice PresidentFinancial Communications and Investor Relationsthomas.ahlerup@bts.com














Release Summary
BTS Group AB releases their third-quarter interim report. BTS had a strong third quarter - their best ever - with earnings up 42% during the first nine months of 2015.





#Hashtags

#StrategyMadePersonal





Contacts

      BTSThomas Ahlerup, +46-8-5870 7002Mobile +46-768-966 300Senior 
      Vice PresidentFinancial Communications and Investor Relationsthomas.ahlerup@bts.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












 



BTS Group: BTS - APG/RLC Merger Update | Business Wire


























































      BTS Group: BTS - APG/RLC Merger Update
    





December 20, 2006 06:45 AM Eastern Standard Time



STOCKHOLM, Sweden--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The merger is already generating cross-selling deals Stockholm, Sweden 
      -BTS Group AB (publ)(STO:BTSB), the world's leading business simulation 
      training and consulting company, announced today that the newly acquired 
      companies The Advantage Performance Group (APG) and The Real Learning 
      Company (RLC) have after two months generated two cross-selling deals in 
      excess of 2 MSEK. In addition, the integration work of the two formerly 
      privately held, and highly respected US based training and consulting 
      organizations, progresses according to plan.
    

      Henrik Ekelund, President and CEO, BTS Group AB gives his comments on 
      the progress of incorporating these businesses into the BTS Group.
    

      How would you describe the atmosphere in the respective organizations? “It 
      is an exciting time, bringing our forces together and finding joint 
      opportunities with The Real Learning Company and The Advantage 
      Performance Group. The internal climate among our professionals is 
      optimistic and our respective corporate cultures have proven to be in 
      line. We share objectives with the integration work and the many 
      opportunities it presents. It is exciting for everyone involved to see 
      how the combined businesses will be able to offer the market a 
      substantially broader portfolio of solutions.” 
      What was the most important addition to the BTS offering that came out 
      of the acquisition? “RLC brings a strong 
      portfolio in sales and leadership development solutions as well as 
      highly creative customer and product development resources in these 
      areas. APG has brought us not only 35 fulltime sales and product 
      specialist equivalents and more than 100 skilled training facilitators, 
      but has also added some 200 highly interesting and valuable customers.” 
      Are there already any early positive signs of cross selling 
      opportunities between the companies? “Yes 
      there are definitely early signs of the opportunity that this merger 
      gives BTS. Only two months after signing the acquisition we have already 
      cleared the first two cross selling deals worth in excess of 2 MSEK. A 
      BTS customer, a leading electronics company, has bought solutions from 
      Real Learning for the implementation of a new strategy. Another BTS 
      client, who sells communication equipment and uses BTS to develop its 
      world wide sales force, has bought some of Real Learning solutions, and 
      will continue to buy approximately 200 000 USD worth over the next 12 
      months. What measures has BTS taken to secure new business opportunities 
      that arise as a consequence of the acquisition? “We 
      have spent a great deal of time training our account managers to 
      identify new business opportunities based on needs within the BTS 
      customer base. We have also spent a great deal of time training them on 
      the whole solution portfolio and we are discussing with many of our 
      clients how we can help them with more of their requirements. We are 
      working closely with APG and RLC to provide training and support on the 
      BTS solutions as well.” To conclude, looking 
      in the mirror, was it a good decision to acquire these two companies? “It 
      is of course early to draw any definitive conclusions but we have 
      already confirmed several of the vital prerequisites we required at the 
      time of the acquisition. The companies com-plement each other very well, 
      and the overlap in our respective customer bases is only about 10 per 
      cent, or 20 companies out of the total of 200 leading US organizations 
      that RLC and APG bring to the table. Examples of important APG and RLC 
      customers include: Toyota, UPS, Bristol-Myers Squibb, American Express, 
      Wells Fargo, Ingersoll-Rand, Daimler-Chrysler, Genentech, Catholic 
      Health and Insight. Another key conclusion is that we work very well 
      together; there is a strong cultural fit and we share a lot of values – 
      this is critical for the co-operation, which in turn is critical for 
      achieving cross-selling.”


      About BTS Group
    

      AB BTS Group AB is the leading and most successful consultant- and 
      training company within the segment of business simulations. BTS 
      supports executive management in corporate change processes and the 
      implementation of new strategies with the objective to create a more 
      successful and profitable company. BTS delivers this through real life, 
      tailor-made business simulations. All projects are managed as tailormade 
      business simulations delivered as e-learning solutions, software 
      solutions or as interactive seminars. Regardless of the delivery method 
      participants are given the opportunity to create their own experiences 
      and instantly see the result of their efforts by working in a simulated 
      environment where real live corporate data and conditions apply. All of 
      this creates a highly efficient education process where business 
      strategies and objectives are transformed into action which in turn 
      leads to a higher awareness of which decisions in the day-to-day 
      business effects corporate profitability and success. The overall result 
      is measurable and sustainable profit improvements. BTS customers are 
      leading global corporations. Currently BTS customer list includes some 
      20 of the world’s 100 largest companies 
      including Coca-Cola, Weyerhaeuser, GM, Vodafone, Boeing, Telstra, Adobe, 
      HP, Cisco, DHL, Honda, Toyota, GAP, SonyEricsson, Nokia, Scania and Sony
    

      BTS Group AB (publ) shares are traded on The Stockholm Stock Exchange 
      under the symbol BTS B.
    

      This information was brought to you by Waymaker http://www.waymaker.net



Contacts

      BTS Group AB (publ)Mr. Henrik EkelundPresident and CEOPhone 
      +46-733-500 150E-mail henrik.ekelund@bts.comorMr. 
      Thomas AhlerupSenior Vice PresidentInvestor and Corporate 
      CommunicationPhone +46-768-966 300E-mail thomas.ahlerup@bts.comPlease 
      visit us at www.bts.com













Contacts

      BTS Group AB (publ)Mr. Henrik EkelundPresident and CEOPhone 
      +46-733-500 150E-mail henrik.ekelund@bts.comorMr. 
      Thomas AhlerupSenior Vice PresidentInvestor and Corporate 
      CommunicationPhone +46-768-966 300E-mail thomas.ahlerup@bts.comPlease 
      visit us at www.bts.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Feb 12, 2015 - BTS Group AB publishes the... (OMX:BTSB)
























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS







Feb 12, 2015



 Previous Release | Next Release 




BTS Group AB publishes the 2014 Year End report; earnings are up 82 percent in the fourth quarter

Year-End Report January-December 2014

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Attachment

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



	Stockholm, Sweden, 2015-02-12 08:00 CET (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --  

	STOCKHOLM, SWEDEN – BTS GROUP AB (publ), ­– a world leading strategy implementation firm, has announced its year end report for the full year 2014. The report shows that BTS Group reversed the negative trend in 2013 and has returned to growth.

	“During the second half of 2014 BTS returned to a more normal growth pattern. Revenues increased by 19 percent and earnings were up 48 percent. Implemented actions in North America paid off and created results. BTS is winning increasingly more and larger projects in the market. Our investments in digital solutions are providing us with more clients and increased revenue.” said Henrik Ekelund, President and CEO of BTS Group AB in a comment.

	BTS’ cost efficiency is improving. The fourth quarter was very strong with a 29 percent growth in revenue and 77 percent improvement in earnings. BTS Europe had a good year with growth of 13 percent and BTS North America made a strong comeback in the second half of the year, after a weak first half, with a total growth of 10 percent. Performance was uneven in BTS Other Markets – development in Australia was very positive, Asia and Africa were stable, and Latin America was weak.

	“Besides the strategically important acquisition of Fenestra in the US, we made major investments during 2014 – in the organization, marketing, product development – and our position going into 2015 in terms of order book, customer base and competitiveness is very strong,” concludes Henrik Ekelund

Summary of 2014 and the fourth quarter

Full year 2014


		Net sales amounted to MSEK 781.5 (688.2). Adjusted for changes in foreign exchange rates, growth was 9 percent.

		Profit before tax increased by 19 percent to MSEK 82.9 (69.7).

		Profit after tax increased by 17 percent to MSEK 56.1 (47.8).

		Earnings per share increased by 17 percent to SEK 3.01 (2.57).


Fourth Quarter 2014


		Net sales amounted to MSEK 244.3 (171.5). Adjusted for changes in foreign exchange rates, growth was 29 percent.

		Profit before tax increased by 82 percent to MSEK 30.9 (17.0).

		Profit after tax increased by 66 percent to MSEK 20.7 (12.5).

		Earnings per share increased by 66 percent to SEK 1.11 (0.67).


Proposed dividend is SEK 1.75 (1.75) per share

	  

For more information, please contact:

Thomas Ahlerup
	Senior Vice President
	Corporate Communications and Investor Relations
	BTS Group AB
	Phone               +46-8-5870 7002
	Mobile              +46-768-966 300
	E-mail               thomas.ahlerup@bts.com

	 

About BTS Group

	BTS is a world leading strategy implementation firm. The company accelerates execution by ensuring the workforce is aligned to the strategy, has the right mindset, and has mastered the capabilities needed to deliver business results. BTS leverages customized business simulations and experiential learning initiatives to develop the business acumen, leadership and sales capabilities necessary for superior strategy execution. Partnering with today’s leading corporations, BTS consultants bring passion and deep industry expertise to deliver high-impact solutions that help clients achieve better results, faster.

	Headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, BTS has more than 400 professionals in 32 offices located on six continents. Partnering with nearly 400 organizations, including more than 30 of the world’s largest corporations, BTS’ major clients are some of the most respected names in business: Anglo American, AT&T, Chevron, Coca-Cola, Ericsson, HP, Rio Tinto, Telefonica, and Unilever.

	BTS Group AB revenues were MSEK 781,5 in 2014.

	BTS is a public company listed on the NASDAQ-OMX Stockholm exchange and trades under the symbol BTS b.

	For more information, please visit www.bts.com.

	Please also visit our newsroom at http://www.mynewsdesk.com/se/bts

	The complete 2014 End Year Report is available at BTS Group’s website: http://ir.bts.com/reports.cfm

Disclaimer: Every care has been taken in the translation of this press release. In the event of discrepancies, however, the Swedish original will supersede the English translation. This information has been disclosed according to the Financial Instruments Trading Act and/or Securities Trading Act.









 






	Strategy Implementation and Alignment: Global Leader - BTS








 
































  












English
中文
español
italiano
svenska
English (India)
English (Singapore)
français






  
   








x

   Search BTS





Featured Searches  Business Acumen Leadership Development Programs Business Simulations 










Superior Strategy Execution Accelerates Results

"BTS is helping us improve execution of our new strategy to achieve the results our shareholders and customers expect."
Mark Bertolini
Chairman, CEO & President, Aetna Inc.

How to Accelerate Strategy Execution






Leadership Transformation Journey

"Through the innovative learning methodology, we had a very meaningful engagement with the senior leaders [that] brought to surface fundamental challenges... Many thanks to BTS for their out-of-the box thinking and for being part of DBS’ transformational journey.”
Lee Yan Hong
Head, Group Human Resources - DBS Bank

How DBS Developed Great Leaders






Driving Strategy ExecutionFrom the Top

"I think we can all agree that BTS provided a jet-assisted lift-off of our client-focused growth strategy."
Arthur P. Steinmetz
Chairman, CEO and President, OppenheimerFunds

Executing a Critical Growth Strategy






Talent Selection in the Cloud

New assessment center technology is making talent acquisition and selection efforts more effective, efficient and scalable.

Revolutionize Assessment Capability






Strategy Implementation in the Health Care Industry

"Peoples' perspectives can change rapidly when you use business simulations."
Debra Clary
Corporate Director, Humana

The Business Simulation









Explore Career Opportunities with BTS
Inspiring new ways of thinking, building critical capabilities, and unleashing potential
Start Your Career Search






Accelerating Strategy Execution by Focusing on People

"We create powerful experiences that help leaders build the future of their business."
Henrik Ekelund
CEO, BTS

About BTS










Strategy made personal
We create powerful experiences that help leaders build the future of their business
BTS is a global professional services firm supporting world leading businesses with strategy execution, leadership development and sales transformation. We focus on the people side of strategy, turning strategy into action and results. We design powerful experiences that have a profound and lasting impact on people and their careers, inspiring new ways of thinking, building critical capabilities and unleashing business success.
Learn More 


Latest Insights from BTS










	Research
	
How Does Collaboration Influence Business Success?


Read More












		White Paper
		
Why Leadership Training Doesn't Work and What to Do About It


Read More












		Award
		
BTS and Intuit Win Brandon Hall Gold Award


Read More










  

Strategy Execution
We know that top performers focus on building alignment, mindset, and capability among their people. We help our clients with their strategy implementation needs by harnessing the power of their people. Learn More



  

Business Acumen
For over 30 years, we have used business simulations to build Business Acumen - strategic thinking, financial acumen and other essential business skills - at all levels of your organization.
Learn More



  

Leadership Development
We are disrupting the leadership training industry through our unique Define, Assess, Experience and Execute Great Approach to developing leaders. 
Learn More





  

Assessment Centers
We are a pioneer in the use of technology-based assessment centers for talent selection and development, simulating real-world challenges and job requirements to evaluate candidates, provide feedback, and ensure success.  Learn More



  

Sales Training
We know that senior level buyers are looking for consultative sales people who will accelerate their business results, so we provide buyer-centric consulting, sales training, assessment and selection, and on-the-job execution tools. 
Learn More





Innovation Leadership
Build the critical leadership capabilities needed to create and advance a culture of innovation and strategic agility at the individual, team, business unit and enterprise level.
Learn More



    
Watch the video
            


Latest from Strategy Execution Blog














The Age of Man-Machine Partnerships: Article by Peter Mulford in HR People+Strategy




			Peter Mulford
		


Full Article












Help your people become great, later, by helping them to be dreadful, first. 




			Peter Mulford
		


Full Article












The 5 Skills Leaders Need to Be Successful in the Future  




			Megan Lambert
		


Full Article


















Careers
 
                       Global Locations
                    
Investors
Social Responsibility
Privacy
Contact



 

 

 

 

 


BTS is a public company traded at the OMX Nordic Exchange Stockholm under the symbol BTS b
    © BTS All Rights Reserved























Does Business Acumen Enable Strategy Execution? – BTS Group... - BTS Group AB (publ)











































Skip to main content
























  Overview


 News


 Images & Videos


 Contacts


 Documents






Follow BTS Group AB (publ)


















Does Business Acumen Enable Strategy Execution? – BTS Group presents a survey Conducted by the Economist Intelligence Unit.


Press Release   •  Sep 10, 2013&nbsp12:36&nbspCEST

















“If your organization doesn’t fully understand
how your company thrives economically and how it delivers distinct value to the
marketplace, you won’t be as successful as you can and should be.”
–  Jeff
McCreary, former Chief Sales and Marketing Officer Texas Instruments
A well-formulated business strategy,
powerful product or breakthrough innovation can put an organization on the
competitive map, but only strong strategy supported by sustained execution can
assure long-term success. Regularly cited as a top CEO priority, execution is
considered the key to achieving superior business results. Yet, the majority of
organizations fail to effectively implement strategic initiatives.
Research reveals that companies achieve
a fraction of the financial results envisioned during the strategy’s development.
How much of this can be attributed to an organization’s lack of business acumen
or business skills? A survey of more than 300 senior leaders and managers from
around the globe conducted by the Economist Intelligence Unit and sponsored by
BTS explores the relationship between business acumen and strategy execution. The
data reveals that leaders across various industries around the globe overwhelmingly
agree that insufficient business skills often limit an organization’s ability
to achieve strategic priorities.
This research report explores the
business acumen skills critical at various levels of an organization, evaluates
the common gaps between these skills and an organization’s current
capabilities, and identifies trends in business acumen development.

– Ladda hem hela rapporten i PDF format nedan –
För ytterligare information vänligen kontakta:
Thomas Ahlerup
Senior Vice President
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations
BTS Group AB (publ)
Phone                                                     +46-8-5870 7002
Mobile                                                    +46-768-966 300
E-mail                                                      thomas.ahlerup@bts.com
 
 
Om BTS Group AB
BTS samarbetar med ledande företag för att
accelerera förändring och förbättra affärsresultat. BTS är världsledande inom
skräddarsydda affärssimuleringar och upplevelsebaserad inlärning, lösningar som
stöder ledande företag för att växa och bli framgångsrika genom förändrings-
och förbättringsprocesser. BTS adderar värde främst inom tre områden:
Strategisk utveckling & Affärsmannaskap, Ledarskap och Chefskap samt Försäljning.
BTS Group med huvudkontor i Stockholm, Sverige
har mer än 350 högt kvalificerade medarbetare på 29 kontor i 19 länder på alla
sex kontinenter. BTS arbetar med mer än 400 av världens största och ledande
bolag inklusive 30 av världens 100 största bolag där några är högt respekterade
som t.ex.: Anglo American, AT&T, Chevron, Coca-Cola, Ericsson, HP, Rio
Tinto, Sony, Telefónica, and Unilever.
BTS Group AB omsatte under 2012
770,7 MSEK.
BTS är noterat på Stockholmsbörsen och handlas
under symbolen BTS B.
För mer information om BTS besök os på: http://www.bts.com
Besök gärna BTS pressrum på myNewsdesk: http://www.mynewsdesk.com

 Attached Files

 PDF document












 Share this
    











 Topics:
Business enterpriseComputers, computer technology, softwareConsultingEconomy, FinanceEducationServices, ConsultingWeb servicesWorking life




 Tags:
strategistrategie genomförandethe economist intelligence unithenrik ekelund






Comments (0)



 Add comment


Comment
 
Name:*



E-mail:*



Website or blog:



Comment:*





Notify me of new comments
                                













                  









                                 Sending comment...
                            



 


The comment was saved
Prior to publication, it must be approved by BTS Group AB (publ).





Related / Contacts





 




Rommin Adl



Press Contact
Executive Vice President
Marketing
 rogimminroymavijhq.adlcybvrn@btotsacdg.cgyom
 +1-646-378 3730


                BTS is a world leading strategy implementation firm. The company accelerates execution... Show more















Loading page








      We use cookies to deliver our services and to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. For details see our  cookie policy.
      ×









Apr 02, 2014 - BTS Group appoints Jonatha... (OMX:BTSB)
























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS







Apr 2, 2014



 Previous Release | Next Release 




BTS Group appoints Jonathan Hodge as APG's new CEO

Attachment

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase


STOCKHOLM, SWEDEN AND STANFORD, CT, 2014-04-02 08:00 CEST (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- 

	 


	BTS GROUP AB (publ), ­— a world leading strategy implementation firm, has appointed Jonathan Hodge as new president and CEO of APG, Advantage Performance Group, a fully owned subsidiary to BTS. Annika McCrea who is currently leading APG is taking on a senior role within BTS Europe.


	"Jonathan Hodge, currently serving as a Senior Vice President within BTS USA has a deep understanding of the APG business model and its people. He also has a strong knowledge of the APG product portfolio, alliance partners and APG's current Sales & Talent Optimization strategy. I am really pleased to welcome Jonathan to his new challenge," says MR Henrik Ekelund, President and CEO in a comment.


	Jonathan Hodge will assume his new responsibilities as of April 1, 2014.

For more information, please contact:

Thomas Ahlerup

Senior Vice President

Corporate Communications and Investor Relations

BTS Group AB

Phone                          +46-8-5870 7002

Mobile                         +46-768-966 300

E-mail                          thomas.ahlerup@bts.com


	 

About BTS Group

BTS is a world leading strategy implementation firm. The company accelerates execution by ensuring the workforce is aligned to the strategy, has the right mindset, and has mastered the capabilities needed to deliver business results. BTS leverages customized business simulations and experiential learning initiatives to develop the business acumen, leadership and sales capabilities necessary for superior strategy execution. Partnering with today's leading corporations, BTS consultants bring passion and deep industry expertise to deliver high-impact solutions that help clients achieve better results, faster.

Headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, BTS has more than 350 professionals in 29 offices located on six continents. Partnering with nearly 400 organizations, including more than 30 of the world's largest corporations, BTS's major clients are some of the most respected names in business: Anglo American, AT&T, Chevron, Coca-Cola, Ericsson, HP, Rio Tinto, Telefonica, and Unilever.

BTS Group AB revenues were MSEK 688 in 2013.

BTS is a public company listed on the NASDAQ-OMX Stockholm exchange and trades under the symbol BTS b. 

For more information, please visit www.bts.com.

Please also visit our newsroom at http://www.mynewsdesk.com/se/bts

About APG

Advantage Performance Group (APG) specializes in helping their clients accelerate business results, increase, optimize their sales organizations and create an engaged and effective talent pool. APG is a fully owned subsidiary of BTS Group.

Disclaimer: Every care has been taken in the translation of this press release. In the event of discrepancies, however, the Swedish original will supersede the English translation. This information has been disclosed according to the Financial Instruments Trading Act and/or Securities Trading Act.









 

 BTS Group AB - Company Details on Zawya MENA Edition

















































×
Sector Definitions










Services






Business Services






Graphic Design






Business Consulting






Commercial Cleaning and Related Services






Specialty Cleaning Services






Exterminating and Pest Control Services






Janitorial Services






Other Services








Fairs and Exhibitions






Legal Services






Other Business Services






Security Services






Surveys and Statistics






Translation and Interpretation Services






Accounting and Auditing










Financial Services






General Financial Services






Accounting and Auditing






Credit Guarantee, Collection, and Processing






Conventional






Islamic










Insurance






Support Services - Insurance








Banking






Automated Teller Machine Operators










Education






Vocational Trade Education






Technical Schools






Business and Management






Computer Technology






Cosmetology












Industrial Manufacturing






Machinery and Equipment






Leasing






Repair and Maintenance Services














							Institutions that offer vocational and technical training on business and management skills (including courses in business, communications, economics, management, leadership, business law, customer service, secretarial administration, accounting, auditing, finance, sales and marketing, and other business-related subjects). The training often leads to job-specific certification.
						

							Companies that offer security services and products  (such as security guard services, alarm monitoring services, patrol services, transit of money and valuable items, investigation services, background checks, drug screening, inspection, security consulting, and other services).
						

							Companies that provide specialty cleaning services, janitorial services, exterminating and pest control services, as well as other related services.
						

							Companies that provide financial services and products that facilitate the creation, liquidation, or change in ownership of money and other financial assets.  Includes credit-related services, investment-related services, oversight services, investment banking, all other banking, insurance, central banks and monetary authorities, and stock exchanges.
						

							Institutions that offer vocational and technical training on a variety of technical subjects and trades.  The training often lead to job-specific certification.
						

							Companies that facilitate financial transactions, credit services, and collection services.  The companies provide check guarantee and verification, debt collection, credit reporting and selling background screening consumer data, electronic payment processing, credit rating, and other financial services that facilitate transactions, credit, and collections.
						

							Institutions that offer vocational and technical training on computer technologies (including courses on network operating systems management, database design and management, programming and implementation, software system design and development, integration of software applications, and other technologies). The training often leads to job-specific certification.
						

							Companies that provide house and office cleaning and maid services. The companies' activities include cleaning the exteriors and interiors of buildings and industrial/commercial dwellings, the interiors of transportation equipment (such as aircraft, rail care, ships), wall and window washing, floor cleaning and waxing; and other cleaning services. 
						

							Companies that provide professional and business - related advice to other organizations. The companies' activities include analyzing existing problems and suggesting solutions, as well as providing general advisory services, implementation services, product services, transaction services, and support services.
						

							Companies that facilitate financial transactions, credit services, and collection services in compliance with Islamic principles.  The companies provide check guarantee and verification, debt collection, credit reporting and selling background screening consumer data, electronic payment processing, credit rating, and other financial services that facilitate transactions, credit, and collections.
						

							Companies that collect funds through accepting deposits and channel the funds into lending activities.  The companies also provide services that facilitate the lending of funds such as mortgage and loan brokerage services, clearinghouse and reserve services, check cashing services, and other banking operations such as providing ATMs. Includes conventional and Islamic commercial, specialized, offshore, and online banks.
						

							Institutions that offer vocational and technical training in cosmetology (including hair styling, cutting, designing, coloring, and chemical weaving, skin care, manicuring, make up, beauty make over, cosmetology instruction, beauty salon management, and other professional cosmetology services). The training often leads to job-specific certification.
						

							Companies that restore machinery, equipment, and other products to working order; includes offering routine checks and refining services to ensure that the products work efficiently and prevent unnecessary repairs. 
						

							Companies that provide specialized cleaning services (including swimming pools, chimneys, snow plowing, and other services).
						

							Companies that rent or lease commercial and industrial machinery and equipment. The companies' activities include providing capital or investment-type equipment that clients use in their business operations. 
						

							Companies that specialize in performing business, consumer, environmental, and other activities for companies, households, or individuals in exchange for fees; and associations that promote the interests of their members including business and non-business associations or groups.
						

							Companies that provide specialty cleaning services (including carpet, rug, furniture, upholstery, and other cleaning services).
						

							Companies that manufacture, market, and distribute basic materials, industrial products, chemicals, as well as machinery and equipment.
						

							Companies that provide accounting services related to recording, classifying, summarizing, interpreting, and communicating financial information of other companies. They include tax accounting and planning, corporate finance management, bookkeeping and other accounting services.  The companies also provide auditing services, which include auditing financial statement, loans, taxes, fraud control, claims analysis, damage computation, and other services.
						

							Companies that facilitate financial transactions, credit services, and collection services.  The companies provide check guarantee and verification, debt collection, credit reporting and selling background screening consumer data, electronic payment processing, credit rating, and other financial services that facilitate transactions, credit, and collections.
						

							Companies that perform support activities for the operations of other organizations (including secretarial services, document preparation services, telemarketing services, and other business support services). 
						

							Companies that practice law, including lawyers offices (which offer legal assistance to individuals or enterprises in criminal law, corporate law, family and estate law, patent law, real estate law, tax law, and other legal matters) as well as companies that draft, approve, and execute legal documents (such as real estate transactions, wills, contracts, and other services).
						

							Companies that provide various business services to their clients (including advertising, auctions, business consulting, commercial cleaning, legal, public relations, repair and maintenance, security, translation and interpretation, staffing, survey and statistics, technical and scientific research, fairs and exhibitions, parking facility management).
						

							Companies that provide, or facilitate, coverage of individuals and/or businesses whereby they agree to compensate them, or designated individuals, in case of an event (loss, damage, injury, death, and/or other events) om exchange for agreed payments. The industry includes companies that provide life and non-life (general) insurance, insurance brokerage, reinsurance, and other related services. The industry includes conventional and Islamic companies. 
						

							Companies that provide services related to insurance including claims adjusting, investigating, appraising, and settling, insurance advisory services, insurance rate making services, actuaries, medical evaluation services, insurance exchanges, and other support services related for insurance companies.
						

							Companies that provide products and services (including fumigation services) that limit the growth of birds, mosquitoes, rodents, termites, and other insects and pests to below economically damaging levels.
						

							Companies specialized in conducting surveys and statistics. The companies' activities include gathering information, conducting interviews and questionnaires, performing studies and analysis, interpreting results, constructing graphs, issuing articles and reports to be sold or delivered to interested parties.
						

							Learning institutions including childcare, elementary and secondary schools, colleges and universities, vocational schools or institutions, and institutions that provide educational support services.
						

							Institutions that offer vocational education, which include technical schools and training centers. The training can range from skills for personal improvement to job-specific certification. 
						

							Companies that design, manufacture, assemble, market, distribute, and/or lease machinery and equipment (lighting equipment, agriculture machinery, commercial hardware, fastener equipment, construction machinery, electrical machinery, food service and food retail machinery, industrial automation and industrial control equipment, pumps, valves, seals, fluid control equipment, as well as safety and security equipment).
						

							Companies that offer graphic design services. 
						

							Companies that own, operate, and maintain a network of automated teller machines (ATMs).  Includes companies that set up the ATM machines at retail outlets and other locations.  Also included companies that process debit card and credit card transactions for merchants.
						

							Companies that organize shows or displays for the purpose of trade or for promoting industrial, agricultural, scientific, charitable, learning, craft, cultural, social, religious, or other activities.
						

							Companies that translate written material, interpret speech from one language to another, and provide sign language services.
						

							Companies that provide products and services that facilitate the creation, liquidation, or change in ownership of money and other financial assets; companies that facilitate the flow of money and financial transactions, which include accounting and auditing, credit and lending, transaction, credit, and collection services
						

















                       THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS 



 Solutions for Corporations 


Eikon


FX Trading


World-Check One


Enhanced Due Diligence


Compliance Learning


Org ID


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing


ONESOURCE Global Trade Management


Legal Managed Services


MatterSphere


Thomson Reuters Projects


Islamic Economy




 Solutions for Emerging Business 


Thomson Reuters Projects


Accelerate SME


Islamic Economy


Business Development MENA




 Solutions for Financial Institutions 


Eikon


Thomson Reuters Elektron


Thomson Reuters FX Trading


World-Check One


Enhanced Due Diligence


Compliance Learning


Org ID


ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager


Legal Managed Services


Westlaw Middle East


Thomson Reuters Practical Law


Islamic Economy


Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME




 Solutions for Governments 


Eikon


Elektron


Eikon Auctions


Revenue Management


World-Check One


Regulatory Intelligence


Audit Manager


Compliance Learning


Enhanced Due Diligence


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


Thomson Reuters Aumentum


Westlaw Middle East


Thomson Reuters MatterSphere


Thomson Reuters ProView


C-Track


Practical Law


Thomson Reuters Projects


Islamic Economy


Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME




 Solutions for Professionals 


Eikon


World-Check One


Compliance Learning


Enhanced Due Diligence


ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing


Legal Managed Services


Westlaw Middle East





LOGIN
REGISTER
You are on:


 MENA - ENGLISH 


MENA - ENGLISH
UAE - ENGLISH
KSA - ENGLISH
الشرْقُ الأوسَط
السعودية
الإمارات












Search









 


Dubai


                            
                            
                            03 Aug 2017
                        
















Advertisement







last updated on: 26 September 2013
BTS Group AB 



                            
                            
                            last trade:
                                85.25 SEK (03 August 2017) 
 -0.75



Share profile














Advertisement






                                        Company Details
People
Related News
Similar Companies




fast facts

Country of Incorporation
Sweden


Ownership Type
Publicly Listed


Primary Sector
Financial Services


Number of Employees
null


Stock Listing



ID
Stock Type
Currency
Exchange
Symbol


BTSb.ST
Ordinary
SEK
Stockholm Stock Exchange
BTSb







                Stock Performance
                Powered by Thomson Reuters Eikon


 




Last Trade
85.25


Net Change
-0.75 


Percent Change
-1.00%  




Open
83.50


High
84.75


Low
83.00 




Volume
2,522


Transactions
18


Value Traded
212,550


Market Cap
SEK 1,657M










Contact details


Primary address

                            
                            
                            Grevgatan 34,,
                            
                            
                            114 53
                            Sweden
                            STOCKHOLM



CONTACT

Tel: +46 8-58707000
Fax: +46 8-58707001
Email: ir@bts.com

www.bts.com/






Zawya industry classifications

SECTOR
(Definitions)

INDUSTRY




Financial Services





                                    Banking
                                





                                                Automated Teller Machine Operators (Primary Industry)
                                            







                                    General Financial Services
                                





                                                Accounting and Auditing
                                            





                                                Credit Guarantee, Collection, and Processing
                                            





                                                            Conventional
                                                        





                                                            Islamic
                                                        









                                    Insurance
                                





                                                Support Services - Insurance
                                            








Education





                                    Vocational Trade Education
                                





                                                Technical Schools
                                            





                                                            Business and Management
                                                        





                                                            Computer Technology
                                                        





                                                            Cosmetology
                                                        










Industrial Manufacturing





                                    Machinery and Equipment
                                





                                                Leasing
                                            





                                                Repair and Maintenance Services
                                            








Services





                                    Business Services
                                





                                                Accounting and Auditing
                                            





                                                Business Consulting
                                            





                                                Commercial Cleaning and Related Services
                                            





                                                            Exterminating and Pest Control Services
                                                        





                                                            Janitorial Services
                                                        





                                                            Other Services
                                                        





                                                            Specialty Cleaning Services
                                                        







                                                Fairs and Exhibitions
                                            





                                                Graphic Design
                                            





                                                Legal Services
                                            





                                                Other Business Services
                                            





                                                Security Services
                                            





                                                Surveys and Statistics
                                            





                                                Translation and Interpretation Services
                                            













Advertisement



Ask Our Analyst

Have questions regarding this company profile? Get expert analysis and insight from our team of analysts.
Talk to Zawya CM Analyst



Company information provided by © 2017 Thomson Reuters

                                            Thomson Reuters research team update company information from primary sources (company annual reports, press releases, company websites, corporate briefings, official statements/interviews) and reliable secondary sources (stock markets, reliable third party publications).
                                        







		Top Business News
	







energy

Saudi's SWCC hires advisers to build two desalination plants

Reuters News -
							3 hours ago









oil and gas

UAE's ENOC secures $500mln revolving credit facility

Reuters News -
							10 hours ago









real estate

Dubai residents can expect further rental decline in freehold areas  

Gulf News -
							10 hours ago







		Find Companies
	















			GO
		


Or choose a preset list 








				GO
			





Advertisement



most viewed companies














Discover Thomson Reuters



Opinion





Opinion - Blake Goud
How the Paris Agreement offers $8 trillion a year in business opportunities



Despite Trump's withdrawal, business groups have identified significant benefits from the climate change accord.








Opinion - Lukman Otunuga
Potential outcomes for the commodity sector as a result of the OPEC meeting in Russia



All in all, oversupply will continue to dominate price action in the oil markets for the foreseeable future



Read more opinions 




Special Coverage

Iran After Sanctions


																						Iran emerges from economic isolation as international sanctions are lifted.						
































Iran fully supports Pakistan as new chairman of ECO
Iran has no diplomatic relations with new US administration
Iran made $1.7B from investments in Azerbaijan





Advertisement





































