

Efeso Consulting SA: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 11:54 AM ET
Professional Services

Company Overview of Efeso Consulting SA



Snapshot People




Company Overview
EFESO Consulting SA provides management consultancy services. The company offers strategy development, change management, and operational excellence services in the areas of supply chain, purchasing, operations management, sustainable development, product and process development, marketing and sales, complexity management, corporate finance, and business advisory. It serves banking and insurance, consumer goods and luxury, healthcare, manufacturing, oil and gas, pharma, process, public sector, real estate, retail, services, telecom and media, transport, and utility industries. The company operates in Europe, the United States, South America, and Asia. The company was formerly known as Solvin...
EFESO Consulting SA provides management consultancy services. The company offers strategy development, change management, and operational excellence services in the areas of supply chain, purchasing, operations management, sustainable development, product and process development, marketing and sales, complexity management, corporate finance, and business advisory. It serves banking and insurance, consumer goods and luxury, healthcare, manufacturing, oil and gas, pharma, process, public sector, real estate, retail, services, telecom and media, transport, and utility industries. The company operates in Europe, the United States, South America, and Asia. The company was formerly known as Solving Efeso International and changed its name to EFESO Consulting SA in October 2015. EFESO Consulting SA was founded in 1980 and is based in Paris, France. Efeso Consulting SA is a subsidiary of Partners In Action.
Detailed Description


117, avenue des Champs-ElyséesParis,  75008FranceFounded in 1980426 Employees



Phone: 33 1 53 53 57 00

www.solvingefeso.com







Key Executives for Efeso Consulting SA




Mr. Filippo Mantegazza


      	Chairman of the Management Board and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Carlo Baroncelli


      	Member of the Management Board
      








Mr. Angelo Luca Lecchi


      	Member of the Management Board
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Efeso Consulting SA Key Developments

Efeso Consulting SA(UNQ:ALEFE) dropped from Alternext All-Share index
Feb 23 16
Efeso Consulting SA(UNQ:ALEFE) dropped from Alternext All-Share index


Solving Efeso International, H1 2015 Earnings Call, Sep 23, 2015
Sep 23 15
Solving Efeso International, H1 2015 Earnings Call, Sep 23, 2015


Solving Efeso International Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the First Half of 2015
Sep 22 15
Solving Efeso International announced unaudited consolidated earnings results for the first half of 2015. For the period, the company reported revenue was €37,300,000 compared with €32,629,000 a year ago. EBITDA was €4,597,000 compared with €3,326,000 a year ago. Profit from recurring operations was €4,156,000 compared with €2,893,000 a year ago. Operating profit was €3,461,000 compared with €2,756,000 a year ago. Net profit was €2,392,000 compared with €1,989,000 million a year ago. Group share of net profit was €1,823,000 compared with €1,663,000 a year ago. Net consolidated financial debt of €5.8 million was stable in comparison with the €5.4 million at the end of 2014.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Plus Partenaires SAS Europe 3CI Europe 3D Hôtels SARL Europe 3eme millenaire et Compagnie Europe 3SE, SARL Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Efeso Consulting SA, please visit www.solvingefeso.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























Efeso Consulting Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Efeso ConsultingThis is a community generated profile and may be incomplete.SUGGEST EDITSEEfeso ConsultingLocation–Revenue$–Total Funding$–Founded-Employees-StageprivateCompany Websitewww.efeso-consulting.com/LinkedIn–No description available.Recent News from Efeso ConsultingStart trial to view recent news about Efeso Consulting.Request trialBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service












Our Partners | ETCONME












































  









  








  
  Our Partners TOGETHER EVERYONE ACHIEVES MORE – TEAM












 


              Efeso Consulting            
EFESO Consulting is active in the consulting industry for 35 years, supporting many of the leading global brands in both mature and emerging markets. EFESO have over 400 consultants with real world hands-on experience capable of designing and implementing clients strategies & action plans globally.
ETCON is Partner with EFESO Consulting Egypt MEA region for the execution of Project Delivery and Business Development in the region.
http://efeso.com




 


              Hands – on            
Hands-on Management Consulting is a customer-centric international management consulting firm with a main focus on developing practical solutions for the client and assisting them in implementation and Change management.
ETCON join hands with Hands-On Management Consulting as Business Development Partner for KSA market to develop new business opportunities along with Project Management Delivery approach.
http://hands-onme.com




 


              Ovex Tech            
Ofactory offers a myriad of scalable and reliable software and design services to help increase productivity, marketability and operational efficiency of our clients. We aim to provide our customers with solutions that are scalable, integrated and suitable for today’s ever growing needs.
http://ovextech.com




 


              Seekers International            
We since 11th Feb 1998, Pakistan SAP Education & Consulting support professional firm based Karachi, Pakistan has support branches in Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, Dubai, Saudi Arabia, Canada, Germany & Malaysia providing SAP services to multinational clientele & Individuals as well.
http://seekersinternational.weebly.com/




 


              Aura Portal            
AURA offers a unique intelligent software (iBPMS) product called AuraPortal Helium which, thanks to its modular structure, can control everything from a very simple project or the management of a department right through to the complete, integrated management of an entire company or organization. This is possible thanks to its modern and flexible BPM (Business Process Management) software which can be used by anyone, even people without technical skills.
http://www.auraportal.com/











        Contact Us      
24×7 Support. Immediate Response. Free Quotation.

 


































 

 Company presentation 
 Project Portfolio (PDF) 


  
  
  
  
  
  






KSA
UAE
Pakistan









 Jeddah Office: Suite # 520, Bin Sulaiman Center, Prince Sultan Street, Al Khaladiya 


 +966500731597 
 info@etconme.com
  etconme.me 



  







 General Post Office 86911, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates


 +971505081488
 info@etconme.com
  etcon.me 



  







 Regional Office: A-26, Block 13/A, Gulshan E Iqbal, Karachi, Pakistan 


 +923462256916 
 info@etconme.com
  etconme.me



  


















EFESO Consulting - Shingo Institute






































Get our Monthly Newsletter!







                Fill out my online form.
            








EFESO Consulting
https://www.efeso.com/

EFESO Consulting has been active in the consulting industry for 35 years, supporting many of the leading global brands in both mature and emerging markets. EFESO has over 400 consultants with real world hands-on experience capable of designing and implementing client strategies and action plans worldwide. Consultants work from 26 offices globally and represent over 43 nationalities, working on over 900 assignments annually in over 70 countries. The organization's international scope and local delivery capability ensures that clients have access to specialist skills they require, whether at national, regional or global levels. EFESO creates tangible and measurable results from the start of their engagements, and fees can easily be justified by the benefits they generate in top- and bottom-line. On average they generate a ROI of 5 to 1 in the first year of engagement, with a strong client retention rate of over 90%. The organization's focus is on the delivery of excellence programs through people, processes and systems, with an emphasis on human dynamics. EFESO calls it the E-Factor - engaging, empowering, enabling and energizing. Their clients call it success!

Contact:    Wiebe de Vries   |   wiebe.devries@efeso.com   |   +31627867424



Languages
English, Hindi, Spanish, Portuguese/Brazilian, German, French, Italian, Japanese
Locations
Global
Industries
Aerospace, Distribution, Food, FMCG, Healthcare, Luxury, Manufacturing, Pharmaceutical, Retail






Certified Facilitators







Bob Armor
Manager

Bob Armor is a manager of EFESO Consulting’s United States office in Atlanta, Georgia. Mr. Armor has over 20 years’ experience in operations management, serving in plant operations leadership roles for the printing and fulfillment industries with organizations such as Harland Clarke. Most recently he worked in packaging and converting industries implementing WCOM with organizations such as Bemis Corp. Mr. Armor is a certified facilitator for the Shingo Institute and a recipient of the Malcolm Baldrige award. He graduated from Kansas State University with a degree in industrial engineering.




Carlo Baroncelli
Vice President

Carlo Baroncelli is one of the founders of EFESO Consulting and has more than 30 years’ experience in operations strategy and world-class operations management, leading programs for multinational companies, from product development to supply chain domain. His experience encompasses many industrial sectors, from automotive to pharmaceutical, packaging, mechanical, paper, steel, public administration, and most recently, the process industry. Mr. Baroncelli has been a member of EFESO Consulting’s Board of Directors since 2007 and is responsible for knowledge development. He is a certified facilitator for the Shingo Institute and has a Ph.D. in management engineering and bachelors’ degrees in industrial engineering and operations planning.






George Cevallos
Sr. Manager North America

George Cevallos is a senior manager for EFESO Consulting North America with has over 25 years’ experience in industrial engineering and operations management, including program management and non-destructive inspection (NDI) with the U.S Air Force Logistics Command. He led the implementation of total productive maintenance (TPM) in the Clarke American Base Operations’ printing facility where he was a recipient of the Malcolm Baldrige Award. Mr. Cevallos has managed and consulted many international manufacturing organizations implementing world-class operations management (WCOM) in various industries, including print, packaging, chemical, food & beverage, paper, etc. He graduated from Texas A&M University with a degree in industrial engineering, is a certified facilitator for the Shingo Institute and a former president of the Institute of Industrial Engineers San Antonio Chapter.




Konto Chan
Principal

Konto Chan is a principal for EFESO Consulting North America. Mr. Chan has managed and consulted multinational companies in implementing world-class operations management for over 20 years across many industrial sectors, including food processing and packaging, metalworking, fiber-based material, automotive, personal care, textiles and consumer goods. Mr. Chan was the first U.S. scholar who translated and presented the companywide TPM methodology in the early 1990s after he returned from his graduate study at Nagoya Institute of Technology in Japan. He has coached many companies to achieve multiple levels of the prestigious TPM Awards by JIPM. Mr. Chan is a certified facilitator for the Shingo Institute and earned a master’s degree in industrial engineering from the University of Alabama.






Gwen Engelen
Vice President

Gwen Engelen is vice president of EFESO Consulting. Ms. Engelen was previously managing director of Flecto, a consulting firm founded in 2000 specializing in behavioral change. Ms. Engelen was involved as educational expert in the launch of Performance Behaviour, a continuous improvement program to increase efficiency and reduce the costs of an organization by developing a culture of ownership, engagement and discipline. The Flecto team joined forces with EFESO Consulting in 2012. Ms. Engelen is a certified facilitator for the Shingo Institute, and she studied applied educational sciences at Twente University and psychology at the Münich University.




Rajinder Singh
Country Head and Vice President, India

Rajinder Singh is country head and vice president of EFESO Consulting India. Mr. Singh has over 30 years’ hands-on experience in designing and implementing manufacturing systems based on lean principles. His rich experience with multinationals, such as Ford and Delphi, along with his passion for lean thinking has made him one of the leading lean consultants in India. As a consultant he has executed several high-impact projects with companies in India, Dubai, Egypt, Singapore, Germany, China and Mauritius. Mr. Singh is a certified facilitator for the Shingo Institute and holds a bachelor’s degree in industrial engineering from IIT Roorkee.






Paulo Yida
Vice President, South America

Paulo Yida is vice president of EFESO Consulting South America and has over 25 years’ experience in world-class operations management, leading programs for multinational companies. His experience encompasses many industrial sectors, from automotive to paper, packaging, steel and recently pharmaceutical. As a consultant he executed high-impact projects with companies in Brazil, Argentina, México, Italy, Portugal, Spain and Sweden. Mr. Yida is a certified facilitator for the Shingo Institute and has an MBA in marketing and a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering.






































 06 C A S E S T U D Y The 






























 




 
 












Toggle navigation





 









EN 


EnglishDeutschFrançaisEspañolPortuguêsItalianoRomânNederlandsLatinaDanskSvenskaNorskMagyarBahasa IndonesiaTürkçeSuomiLatvianLithuaniančeskýрусскийбългарскиالعربيةUnknown 
















Products

Features
Free Publishing
Magazine Publishing
Web Publishing
Mobile Publishing
Developer Publishing

Products
FREE
adFREE
WEBKiosk
APPKiosk
PROKiosk

Pricing


Registration































EnglishDeutschFrançaisEspañolPortuguêsItalianoRomânNederlandsLatinaDanskSvenskaNorskMagyarBahasa IndonesiaTürkçeSuomiLatvianLithuaniančeskýрусскийбългарскиالعربيةUnknown 

Create a magazine
Help & manuals
Registration






 





 













upload magazine
upload PDF






                                Info
                            



                                    Share                                



                                Embed                            


Download











upload magazine
upload PDF






                        Info
                    



                            Share                        



                        Embed                    


Download










                    Info
                    




                    Share                    



Download







solvingefeso.com




 Views                        



                        4 years ago                    


  Flag
                            




Efeso calcio Ing. (Page 9) - Solving Efeso




 Text


Efeso, Improvement, Consulting, Productive, Engineer, Maintenance, Projects, Effectiveness, Organisation, Procter, Calcio, Solving, Solvingefeso.com Efeso calcio Ing. (Page 9) - Solving Efeso




06 C A S E S T U D Y The06 C A S E S T U D Y The word to the client The contribution of Efeso Consulting P&G product Supply is preparing to face the millennium by pursuing with tenacity very ambitious objectives, especially with regards to organisational capabilities. Only in this way, the P&G Group will be able to meet with new and increasingly competitive challenges and reach the business objectives set for the next millennium.Today, our Company has adopted a strategy of integrating existing operative system with TPM (Total Productive Management). Our European sector has made use of the PKE (process Kaizen Engineer) proposed by EFESO Consulting to train the project leaders responsible for the implementation of this program. The aim has been to improve further the effectiveness of the current operative systems.The pragmatic and concrete methods of teaching and training on the job adopted by the PKE training package - largely founded on “learning by doing” - have proved to be very effective for the comprehension of TPM methodologies and the absorption into our company culture. In addition, they have allowed the creation of expertise at P&G, which can be used as a point of reference for future training courses.The examples introduced by EFESO Consulting, all gained by direct experience of consultants in the field, clarify and give a new lease of life to TPM. EFESO has created a consultancy relationship based on a westernised style approach and this has helped us to understand the Japanese oriented improvement methods in simple terms,facilitating their understanding and implementation.Today P&G has developed a proper internal capacity in terms of “guide books” and leader so to allow the continuation of the development program in supporting expanding improvement, naturally with the continued support and help of EFESO. costs, quality and security. But why is it so essential to reach zero defects? The answer is simple: because this allows P&G to achieve exceptional results in many other fields. Record Performance The map of global performance is the tool against which results can be measured.The expertise gained at the pilot factories is transferable to other factories in the Group P&G Integrated Working System Leadership Organisation Steve Landry - European Integrated Work System Leader IWS Pillars Morale - Productivity - Costs - Safety - Delivery - Initiatives - Quality Focused Improvement Autonomous Maintenance Planned Maintenance Training Zero defects 100% involvement and is accelerating the achievement of World-Class results in terms of productivity, quality, costs, security, customer service, delivery time of new products and optimisation of the company strengths. These results have been achieved by integrating TPM (Total Productive Management) with Procter & Gamble’s previously adopted methods and especially with the HPWS (High Performance Working System). In this way, the people responsible Early Equipment Management Quality Maintenance Administration Safety & Enviroment Logisticsworld-wide for P&G factories have acquired a higher technical control of the management of the day by day activities. P&G has created solid Operational management systems supported by a substantial number of process owners which effect a rigorous monitoring of all the critical parameters and provide all the necessary follow-up actions into practice what has been learned from previous experience in various other factories also in other sectors of the world.They therefore contribute to the effectiveness and efficiency improvement of the operational processes, which is essential to guarantee a higher level of reliability and quality of products and human resources performance (evaluation through the HPWS). All this has been made possible due to a system of design of extremely reliable systems which guarantee total elimination of non programmed machine idle time, a selective use of automation, the elimination of no value added activities, which result in a more streamlined organisation and a better utilisation of productive capacity in support of increased volumes of productivity. More responsible operators At P&G, each person is responsible for an area of the business and contributes to its improvement. The organisational capability is being constantly improved while the cre- It is with great pleasure and satisfaction that we warmly congratulate the plants of Unilever Italia SpA in Casalpusterlengo (Lodi) and Pirelli Reifenwerke GmbH & Co. KG (Germany) that last November received the “TPM Excellence Award” and C A S E S T U D Y N E W S ation of additional competence is in perennial evolution, which will eventually allow the reduction to zero defects. Each leader is responsible for an operational process.The decisions are taken by the people more directly involved, but the organisation is very flexible and the single persons have the competence required to undertake any activities, which may be useful to the achievement of the company’s objectives. In addition to the problem solving activities, the Process Engineers are constantly looking for new methods and techniques for rendering the working activities carried out in the factory more effective. Other excellent rewards for EFESO customers! the “ TPM Special Award” respectively created by the Japan Institute of Plant Maintenance (JIPM) and awarded, by the “1999 TPM Award Screening Committee” during the “Third World Conference on TPM” held in Yokohama (Japan). Air view of Procter & Gamble plant in Pomezia (Latina) 70Page 1 and 2: December 1999 Magazine edited in EnPage 3 and 4: In reality, it is not only time whiPage 5: Procter & Gamble (P&G) does not req 






















Short-link
Link
Embed











								extended embed settings							























 




Reteach Solving Quadratic Equations by Factoring 9-6 - TeacherWeb


teacherweb.com

Reteach Solving Quadratic Equations by Factoring 9-6 - TeacherWeb








 




Robertson Cooper Ltd (Rev 2) Page 1 Effective Problem Solving


canon.be

Robertson Cooper Ltd (Rev 2) Page 1 Effective Problem Solving








 




File: bud2008 Town Budget: Page 1 of 15 Date: 9/27/07 - Frye Island


fryeisland.com

File: bud2008 Town Budget: Page 1 of 15 Date: 9/27/07 - Frye Island








×
Inappropriate


 Loading...


Close
Flag as Inappropriate










×
Inappropriate


You have already flagged this document.Thank you, for helping us keep this platform clean.The editors will have a look at it as soon as possible.                









×
Mail this publication


 Loading...


Close










×
Embed


 Loading...


Close










×
For this magazine there is no download available


Magazine: Efeso calcio Ing. (Page 9) - Solving Efeso


Close










×
Save as template?




Title 




Description 




 
no error





Cancel
Overwrite
Save











Don't wait! Try Yumpu.                                                            
Start using Yumpu now!







products

FREE
adFree
WEBKiosk
APPKiosk
PROKiosk
EDU-WEBKiosk
EDU-PROKiosk
Showcase APP

Plans & Pricing

Overview



Features

Free Publishing
Magazine Publishing
Web Publishing
Mobile Publishing
Developer Publishing

Pro Features

Android APP
Bookshelf Embed NEW
Facebook Embed







Resources

Blog
Product changes
Videos
Showcase
Magazines

Help & Support

Help Center
Live Support
Status



Developer

Getting started
API
SDK

Integrations

Wordpress
Zapier
Dropbox






Archived magazines





Today / Yesterday
Aug / Jul
2017 / 2016





551
                                                /
                                                2k


3k
                                                /
                                                121k


2m
                                                /
                                                600k






305
                                                /
                                                608


1k
                                                /
                                                9k


74k
                                                /
                                                112k






37
                                                /
                                                62


129
                                                /
                                                8k


88k
                                                /
                                                311k






86
                                                /
                                                111


342
                                                /
                                                4k


51k
                                                /
                                                87k






26
                                                /
                                                24


71
                                                /
                                                13k


103k
                                                /
                                                170k







Company

Contact us
Terms of service
Privacy Policy 

















 Change language
Made with love in Switzerland
© 2017 Yumpu.com all rights reserved








×
Choose your language




Main languages


Further languages





EnglishDeutschFrançaisItalianoEspañol 



العربيةбългарскиčeskýDanskNederlandsSuomiMagyarBahasa IndonesiaLatinaLatvianLithuanianNorskPortuguêsRomânрусскийSvenskaTürkçe 



Unknown 

































 
