
Bango PLC (BGO.L)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Bango PLC (BGO.L)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySoftware












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				BGO.L on London Stock Exchange


				255.80GBp
9:44am EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    12.30


					            (+5.05%)
					        






Prev Close

243.50


Open

243.50




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

90,241


Avg. Vol

136,488




52-wk High

275.00


52-wk Low

65.00











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							David Sear


2011

                                Non-Executive Chairman of the Board




							Ray Anderson




                                Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director




							Rachel Elias-Jones


2016

                                Chief Financial Officer, Director




							David Keeling


2012

                                Chief Operating Officer




							Anil Malhotra


2012

                                Chief Marketing Officer, Executive Director




							Henry Goldstein


2006

                                Company Secretary




							Martin Rigby


2007

                                Non-Executive Director




							Gianluca D'Agostino

47
2016

                                Non-Executive Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							David Sear


					
							Mr. David Valentine James Sear is Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Bango Plc. David Sear is Group Chief Executive at Skrill, having joined the company in August 2014. David came to Skrill from Weve, the joint venture between EE, Telefonica UK (O2) and Vodafone UK, where he was Chief Executive. David has extensive experience in the payments industry, and previously spent six years at Travelex, the world’s largest non-bank payments provider, as Divisional Managing Director of Global Business Payments – and prior to that as Divisional Managing Director of Outsourcing. Before joining Travelex, he spent three years as Commercial and Scheme Managing Director at Voca, and was a founding member of WorldPay.




							Ray Anderson


					
							Mr. Ray W. Anderson is Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director of Bango Plc. Martin Rigby is co-founder and CEO of Psonar, the internet music service. He is also founder and a managing director of ET Capital, an early investor in Bango. He has been investing in innovative technology businesses for over 25 years, principally in network services, software and hardware. He is Non-executive Chairman of FSE Fund Managers and an advisory board member of the Bettany Centre for Entrepreneurship at Cranfield University.




							Rachel Elias-Jones


					
							Ms. Rachel Elias-Jones has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer, Director of the Company. Rachel is responsible for overall financial management of Bango, for corporate financial functions and for Bango's financial relationships with partners. The global reach of Bango requires a wide range of financial and taxation models, Rachel ensures the smooth running of the team delivering this commercial flexibility. Rachel has responsibility for innovation and management in critical finance functions, and is closely involved in product development to ensure the Bango Payment Platform can scale and handle complex requirements. Her flair for bringing clarity to complex finance structures is reflected in her leadership of "Project Clarity", an initiative that has transformed the quality of analysis and reporting that Bango issues to partners. An experienced finance leader and Chartered Accountant, Rachel spent 5 years in practice at 'top 5' audit firms, specializing in the technology and listed sectors, prior to joining Bango. She is highly qualified for this role, has attended Bango plc Board meetings since 2015 and holds a Board role in one of Bango's subsidiary companies.




							David Keeling


					
							Mr. David Keeling is Chief Operating Officer of Bango Plc. David Sear is Group Chief Executive at Skrill, having joined the company in August 2014. David came to Skrill from Weve, the joint venture between EE, Telefonica UK (O2) and Vodafone UK, where he was Chief Executive. David has extensive experience in the payments industry, and previously spent six years at Travelex, the world’s largest non-bank payments provider, as Divisional Managing Director of Global Business Payments – and prior to that as Divisional Managing Director of Outsourcing. Before joining Travelex, he spent three years as Commercial and Scheme Managing Director at Voca, and was a founding member of WorldPay.




							Anil Malhotra


					
							Mr. Anil Malhotra is Chief Marketing Officer, Executive Director of Bango Plc. Anil is responsible for Bango’s marketing activities and strategic alliances with major partners, including device makers, app store providers and global network operators. Anil has extensive experience of creating successful partnerships between technology innovators and major market players in online technologies and OEMs. Before co-founding Bango, Anil developed the major partnerships for Cyberlife Technology, one of Europe’s leading computer games technology developers, which resulted in the licensing of the company’s ‘artificial life’ technology by the world’s leading games publishers including Warner and Hasbro. Before that he worked with Bango CEO Ray Anderson to establish a technology called X.desktop, which became the global standard for the user interface software on networked computers.




							Henry Goldstein


					
							Henry Goldstein is Company Secretary of the Company.




							Martin Rigby


					
							Mr. Martin P. Rigby is Non-Executive Director of Bango Plc. Martin Rigby is co-founder and CEO of Psonar, the internet music service. He is also founder and a managing director of ET Capital, an early investor in Bango. He has been investing in innovative technology businesses for over 25 years, principally in network services, software and hardware. He is Non-executive Chairman of FSE Fund Managers and an advisory board member of the Bettany Centre for Entrepreneurship at Cranfield University.




							Gianluca D'Agostino


					
							Mr. Gianluca Cristian D'Agostino is Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company. He has a 25 year track record founding, growing, managing and investing in international mobile content and payment businesses, engaging at the highest levels with mobile operators in Europe and LATAM. In 2007 he founded and was CEO of Neomobile SPA, a leading mobile monetization enabler for app developers and ad networks. The company grew both organically and by acquisition, opening a dozen offices outside Italy, from Mexico City to Istanbul and Mumbai.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							David Sear

42,000




							Ray Anderson

175,000




							Rachel Elias-Jones

--




							David Keeling

--




							Anil Malhotra

162,498




							Henry Goldstein

--




							Martin Rigby

--




							Gianluca D'Agostino

--



As Of 
30 Dec 2013





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							David Sear

0
0




							Ray Anderson

0
0




							Rachel Elias-Jones

0
0




							David Keeling

0
0




							Anil Malhotra

0
0




							Henry Goldstein

0
0




							Martin Rigby

0
0




							Gianluca D'Agostino

0
0









					Insider Trading




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySoftware
























Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.



















Bango payment platform | Bango



























We use cookies to give you the best website experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies. More info
Got it!










Testimonials
News

About

About Bango
Resources
People
Careers
Investors


Contact

Sign in

Management tools
My account
Bango Dashboard
Bango Grid
Bango Care






Testimonials
News


			About
			





About Bango
Resources
People
Careers
Investors


Contact


			Sign in
			





Management tools
My account
Bango Dashboard
Bango Grid
Bango Care






Bringing payments to everyone
Bango technology enables online payments for the mass market. Internet giants that want to reach everyone use the Bango Platform to deliver payments at scale.

Join the market leaders - contact Bango





Contact Bango














Click-to-buy
Bango powers mobile payments for online stores from Google, Amazon, Samsung, Microsoft and others.
Bango technology enables carrier billing and other alternative payment methods to be offered, expanding payment reach beyond the restrictions of credits cards, to ensure everyone can buy.





Bundles and resale
Bango gives online brands a comprehensive technical solution to bundle and resell their products and services.
Bango technology opens-up resale opportunities with mobile operators, ISPs, cable companies and others to reach more paying customers with innovative offers.








Powering the leaders





































Contact us










Winning platform for global stores
The Bango Platform is an independent billing standard used by the world’s largest online stores. It powers more app store carrier billing deployments than anyone else (Progressive Equity Research Limited 2015).

One simple integration allows a store to activate hundreds of payment providers worldwide, enabling billions of new customers to easily pay.


"Bango offers a sophisticated platform for launching, managing and growing carrier billing."
Microsoft

 

















Fastest to market – without complexity or risk
Bango partners launch, manage and grow payment methods quickly and efficiently using Bango Grid to reach the maximum number of paying customers faster than any other method.

Bango launched market first alternative payment routes in challenging continents, including launching carrier billing for Google Play in India, Latin America and Africa.


"Bango impressed us with their platform architecture, simplicity of integration and credibility as the market leader."
Idea Cellular

 



















More customers, more payment success
Bango technology works hardest post-launch. Bango Dashboard provides real-time insights about all aspects of customer spend.

Bango Boost technology analyzes those insights and combines peer benchmarks, global platform data and industry knowledge to deliver actions that dramatically grow revenues and increase customer satisfaction.


"Bango Boost has been an invaluable tool allowing us to monitor and optimize our carrier billing services with Bango."
du

 



















Payments that work every time
Happy customers are able to pay, quickly and simply, every time. Bango 24/7 actively monitors all payments and processing systems to relentlessly ensure top satisfaction.

Bango Care and Bango Spend Management technology further ensures your customers get the best online payment experiences.


"Bango’s direct operator billing (DOB) solution streamlines bumps in the checkout process, enabling frictionless transactions and, inevitably, increased conversions."
451 Research

 




















Product bundles that acquire new customers and drive loyalty
The Bango Platform enables you to bundle or resell third-party products and services to attract new customers and increase stickiness.

Offer your customers the world’s most popular video and music subscription services, home security, books and magazine subscriptions, gaming and e-sports, cloud services and much more. Use the Bango Platform to ensure your customers enjoy flawless delivery and never lose entitlement to their favorite products.
 




















Technical guides
Get familiar with our technology.
More info





Bango API
Discover how to integrate the Bango Platform.
More info





Development and releases
Catch up on the latest product updates and releases from Bango.
More info





















變頻器,PLC控制器,安川代理商,國際牌代理商,視覺對位系統,歐姆龍控制器


































繁體中文 │  English










可程式控制器的人機介面



公司簡介  服務項目 產品介紹公司位置 聯絡我們





鑫弘展企業有限公司屬於自動化電機電子類產品的貿易商，提供國內外客戶所需各項產品外，更引進國外先進技術，協助客戶系統的規劃、諮詢、技術的支援及問題的克服，而不是單純的買賣業，而自動化是世界的趨勢，需結合電子、電機、資訊、網路、機械......等等領域，運用各種最先進技術，來達成客戶的需求，而且為了增加客戶的需求，還附屬室內裝潢業的導入來跟進世界的趨勢讓生活有更高的品質，如智慧型住宅、節能減碳、太陽能......等等，可以讓顧客一次購足別再尋找其他商品的時間，除此之外，本公司朝向經營多元化、產業多角化、系統整合方案、商品多樣化的目標來發展，來提供客戶最好的服務。







專業的貿易商滿足您的所有需求



聯絡電話:02-2848-3135    傳真:02-2848-8271    聯絡地址:24743新北市蘆洲區民族路506號5樓
        Copyright    ©    2013 變頻器-鑫弘展企業有限公司. All Rights Reserved. Design by web5000 網頁設計.


Sitemap 三菱代理商 歐姆龍代理商









Directors | Bango Investor Relations































































Bango Investor Relations





Skip to content
About
Resources
People
Careers
Investors
 






Directors

Executive Directors
Ray Anderson – Chief Executive Officer
Ray has over 30 years experience in starting, growing and selling businesses. He was named ‘Business Person of the Year’ in 2012. Ray co-founded Bango in 1999 after realizing that the convergence of the internet with the ubiquity of mobile phones could open up huge opportunities for content and service providers. Prior to Bango Ray established IXI which created the industry standard network GUI – X.desktop. IXI was an early leader in the creation of the web. It sponsored the first ever WWW conference at CERN and shipped the world’s first commercial web browser.
Rachel Elias-Jones – Chief Financial Officer
Rachel is responsible for overall financial management of Bango, for corporate financial functions and Bango’s financial relationships with partners. The global reach of Bango requires a wide range of financial and taxation models, Rachel ensures the smooth running of the team delivering this commercial flexibility. Rachel has responsibility for innovation and management in critical finance functions, and is closely involved in product development to ensure the Bango Payment Platform can scale and handle complex requirements. Her flair for bringing clarity to complex finance structures is reflected in her leadership of “Project Clarity”, an initiative that has transformed the quality of analysis and reporting that Bango issues to partners. An experienced finance leader and Chartered Accountant, Rachel spent 5 years in practice at ‘top 5’ audit firms, specializing in the technology and listed sectors, prior to joining Bango.
Anil Malhotra – Chief Marketing Officer
Anil is responsible for Bango’s marketing activities and app store partnerships, including device makers, app store providers and global network operators. Anil has extensive experience of creating successful partnerships between technology innovators and major market players in online technologies and OEMs. Before co-founding Bango, Anil developed the major partnerships for Cyberlife Technology, one of Europe’s leading computer games technology developers, which resulted in the licensing of the company’s ‘artificial life’ technology by the world’s leading games publishers including Warner and Hasbro. Before that he worked with Bango CEO Ray Anderson to establish a technology called X.desktop, which became the global standard for the user interface software on networked computers.
Non-Executive Directors
David Sear – Chairman and Non-executive Director
David has been an entrepreneur and investor in FinTech companies for the last two decades. He is currently Chairman of Semafone, a payments technology business which protects consumer privacy. Previously David was Group Chief Executive of Skrill. He went to Skrill from Weve, the joint venture between EE, Telefonica UK (O2) and Vodafone UK, where he was Chief Executive. In 1999 he was a founder of WorldPay at the genesis of today’s FTSE 100 global payments powerhouse. Prior to that at Travelex, the world’s largest non-bank payments provider, he spearheaded the global roll out of the CASH PASSPORT travel card business and Travelex Global Business Payments.
Martin Rigby – Non-executive Director
Martin Rigby is co-founder and CEO of Psonar, the internet music service. He is also founder and a managing director of ET Capital, an early investor in Bango. He has been investing in innovative technology businesses for over 25 years, principally in network services, software and hardware. He is Non-executive Chairman of FSE Fund Managers and an advisory board member of the Bettany Centre for Entrepreneurship at Cranfield University.
Gianluca D’Agostino – Non-Executive Director
Gianluca is an Angel investor and pioneer in the mobile industry. He has 25 years’ experience of founding, growing and investing in international mobile content and payment businesses. In 2007 he founded Neomobile SPA. As CEO, he grew the business organically and via M&A to become a leading mobile monetization enabler across Europe and Latam. Gianluca has a Non-Executive role on the Neomobile SPA board. Before Neomobile, he held senior management roles at KPMG, Freever, TIM and Telecom Italia. He was named in the ‘Top 50 Mobile Execs’ 2009, 2010 and 2011 and ‘Media Momentum Man of the Year’ in 2011.
Share this:TweetEmailLike this:Like Loading... 


One Response to Directors


Pingback: Mobile money firm Weve waves goodbye to David Sear | Hihid News



Leave a Reply Cancel reply 



Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email.
 



 







Sign in
Support
Contact sales
Testimonials
News
About
Contact
Sign in
 



Investor informationHome
Aim Rule 26
RNS announcements
Calendar
Directors
Key Financial Documents
Investor contacts
RSS RSS - Posts
Some browsers require you to add an RSS Feed Reader plug-in to display the feed.
Email subscription

Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.







 


  Recent Posts 

PERL analysis: “Bango – Making waves in Japan”


Announcement: Physical goods payments for Amazon in Japan


Bango Final Results FY2016 video


2016 Annual Report and Notice of AGM


Announcement: Final Results


 Share price Real time data
Archives Archives

Select Month
 June 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 December 2010 
 September 2010 
 June 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 January 2009 
 November 2008 
 October 2008 
 September 2008 
 August 2008 
 July 2008 
 June 2008 
 May 2008 
 February 2008 
 November 2007 
 September 2007 



Search for:



 






					Bango Investor Relations				


Blog at WordPress.com.
















Post to



Cancel







 







 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			








 
%d bloggers like this:







































































































































 












Andy Bovingdon, BANGO PLC VP, Product Marketing - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Andy  Bovingdon
VP, Product Marketing, BANGO PLC

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Andy  Bovingdon at BANGO PLC. Andy  Bovingdon works as VP, Product Marketing , acting in a Marketing/Advertising role . .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Marketing/Advertising leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


03/01/2017:


Bangos powers payment and analytics on the mobile web, providing users with a massively smooth payment experience

..... Specialties include:
Sales Management, Mobile Content, Sales negotiation, Sales strategy and implementation, Payforit, Mobile Web.
Vice President Sales
Adam Kerr
VP Web Sales at Bango
Vice President Marketing
Anil Malhotra
SVP Alliances & Marketing and Founder at Bango
Vice President Marketing
Andy Bovingdon
VP Product Marketing at Bango
Vice President
Peter Walker
VP Strategy at Bango
Vice President
Elaine Bramley
VP Customer Services at Bango
Sarah Keefe
Tim Moss
Chief Data Officer at Bango
Liz Speake
HR Manager at Bango
News / Links
Bango Raises $10.2M To Take Its Mobile Payments Service Into Brazil, India And Other Asian Markets
New Bango Application Analytics Joins All the Dots in Real-Time.....

People In This Article:
Andy Bovingdon
,                                            Anil Malhotra
,                                            Ray Anderson
 

02/02/2017:


Bango : Boost version 2 released

..... Bango expects Bango Boost v2 to directly contribute to End User Spend growth in 2017.
'The range and diversity of app stores and billing routes transacting through the Bango Payment Platform provides information that can't be obtained anywhere else', said Andy Bovingdon, Vice President of Product Marketing at Bango. 'The information can be used directly by developers and stores to connect payment behavior with marketing activity to grow transaction volumes. .....

People In This Article:
Andy Bovingdon
 






Learn more about Andy  Bovingdon  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Andy  Bovingdon and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved
































Annual Report 2013 by Bango PLC (Paperback) - Lulu




















































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    

















Shop






                    Annual Report 2013
                


By Bango PLC 





                                                                                                                                                                                Paperback, 57 Pages
                    




Preview





Price:

                                                    $17.33
                                                                            



Prints in 3-5 business days

Bango Annual Report 2013 - Financial report and accounts for FY2013 by Bango PLC








Add to Cart










Embed










Product Details











Product Details

Copyright
        Bango PLC (Standard Copyright License)    
Publisher
Bango PLC
Published
    March 19, 2014

Language
English
Pages
57
Binding
Saddle-stitch Paperback
Interior Ink
Full color
Weight
        0.66 lbs.    
Dimensions (inches)
        8.26 wide x 11.69 tall    

Report This Content to Lulu >











Moderation of Questionable Content
Thank you for your interest in helping us moderate questionable content on Lulu. If you need assistance with an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
How does this content violate the Lulu Membership Agreement?


Selection
Privacy Violation and/or Defamation
Infringes my Trademark
Infringes my Copyright
Not Fit for General Access
Infringes a Well-Known Work
Violates the Membership Agreement in another way




Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") is a United States copyright law that provides guidelines for online service providers in case of copyright infringement. Below is the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to us as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the DMCA, which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, http://www.copyright.gov.
To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide us with the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This notice and any attachments we receive will be forwarded to the alleged infringer, who will then have the opportunity to file a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Should a properly filed counter notification be filed, you will be notified and have 10 business days within which to file for a restraining order in Federal Court to prevent the reinstatement of the material.
* Denotes a required field. All required fields must be filled out for us to be able to process your form.



From our Membership Agreement
"Lulu is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, experience, and professions can publish, sell, or buy creative content such as novels, memoirs, poetry, cookbooks, technical manuals, articles, photography books, children's books, calendars, and a host of other content that defies easy categorization. We help people distribute information and art spanning a wide range of subject matter while providing a safe, friendly, respectful, and serious site for all content creators. Since our community serves a broad range of ages, we do not encourage content that could make a majority of our users uncomfortable."
If you are sure that this product is in violation of acceptable content as defined in the agreement or that it does not meet our guidelines for General Access, please fill out the form below. It will then be reviewed by Lulu Staff to determine the next course of action.



First Name *

First Name is required.


Last Name *

Last Name is required.


Title



Organization



Address 

Address is required.


Country *

Country is required.


Email Address *

Email Address is required.
Email Address is invalid.


Phone Number 



Description *

Description is required.


Your Copyrighted Work *
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, "The copyrighted work at issue is the image that appears on http://www.lulu.com/####") or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.

required field


Location of Infringing Material
Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material. This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item.
http://www.lulu.com/shop/bango-plc/annual-report-2013/paperback/product-21535147.html


Sworn Statements
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Please check to confirm *
required field


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please check to confirm                                *
required field


Signature
Date (MM/DD/YYYY) *

Date (MM/DD/YYYY) is required.


Signature *

Signature is required.
(Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in this form)

This form does not constitute legal advice and nothing that you read or are provided on this web site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel.



I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation.


* required field


Submit






Lulu abides by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), which governs how we are to treat claims of copyright infringement. If someone believes in good faith that a Lulu Account Holder has infringed their copyright, they can request that we take down the infringing material by filing a DMCA Notice. To file a DMCA Notice with Lulu, click on the button "Continue".
We reserve the right to ignore a Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either taking down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to it, and we may also contact you for more information.
If you are not the copyright holder or its agent and if the content is clearly infringing the copyright of a well-known work, please select "Infringes a well-known work" from the dropdown menu.


Continue





Your notification has been sent
Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement. Our agents will determine if the content reported is inappropriate or not based on the guidelines provided and will then take action where needed.
Thank you for notifying us. We will email you with the results and/or actions taken as a result of the investigation if you chose to receive confirmation.


OK




We were unable to complete your request.
We were unable to complete your request.


OK






Keywords

Bango,                annual report,                2013 
Listed In

 Computers & Internet


More From     
                                Bango PLC                    




see more >






                        Bango Annual Report 2016
            

By Bango PLC 

            Paperback:        

$14.60







                        Bango Annual Report 2015
            

By Bango PLC 

            Paperback:        

$13.12







                        Bango Annual Report 2014
            

By Bango PLC 

            Paperback:        

$13.68







                        Annual Report 2013
            

By Bango PLC 

            eBook:        

$0.00







                                    Report and accounts for...
                    

By Bango PLC 

            Paperback:        

$17.33
















Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok




    Bango Plc | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Bango PLC
    GB|Active|Recent Credit Rating UpdateReportSalesforceAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskTurnover
                                          2.6M
                                                                                        GBP101.84%
                                          Net Assets
                                          12.4M
                                                                                        GBP22.34%
                                          Return on Capital Employed (%)
                                          -32.62
                                                                                        %Debt to Capital (%)
                                          12.67
                                                                                        %DetailsCompany nameBango PLCCompany number05386079Legal Entity Identifier213800V5MWHQCL7RF574
                                                         Source
                                  Company typePublic limited with share capitalIncorporation date08 Mar 2005Type of accounts filingGroupLatest annual returns
                            08 Mar 2017
                        Next annual returns due
                                05 Apr 2017
                                                                                            Latest annual accounts
                                    31 Dec 2016
                                Next annual accounts due
                                30 Jun 2017
                                                                                            SIC 2003
                                6420 — Telecommunications
                            SIC 2007
                                6190 — Other Telecommunications Activities
                            Websitehttp://bango.comSocial MediaLinkedInTwitterRegistered Address5 Westbrook CentreMilton RoadCambridgeCB4 1YGUnited KingdomTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
            
    Bango PLC was registered on 08 Mar 2005        with its registered office in Cambridge.
                The business has a status listed as "Active".                     
                It currently has  6 directors.            The business currently employs 50-99 people.            Bango PLC
        has 4 subsidiaries.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Cash5,696,517 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Liabilities1,779,503 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Net Assets12,355,888 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Assets7,837,170 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleCompany characteristicsIndustry Keywords
                                        mcommerce
                                    
                                        app store
                                    
                                        mobile
                                    
                                        mobile commerce
                                    
                                        mobile analytics
                                    
                                        mobile tracking
                                    
                                        wireless
                                    
                                        mobile strategy
                                    
                                        mobile marketing
                                    
                                        mobile advertising
                                    
                                        mobile content
                                    
                                        micropayments
                                    Size
                                    Small
                                
                                Turnover
                                (Min
                                to
                                6.5M)
                            Age
                                    Expansion
                                
                                10-20 years
                            Location
                                    CB4
                                AboutChoose a DescriptionDueDil DescriptionCrunchbase DescriptionWikipedia DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionCrunchbase DescriptionIn the era of mobile technology, collecting payments has emerged as a central and complex challenge. Bango (AIM: BGO) powers payment and analytics on the mobile web, providing users with a massively smooth payment experience.Bangos pervasive presence across the web creates a platform effect for partners, identifying hundreds of millions of users and maximizing the number of one-click payments. Global leaders plug into Bango: customers include Facebook, BlackBerry World, Windows Phone Store, Amazon and major mobile brands including CNN, Cartoon Network and EA Mobile. Visit: bango.comSource: BangoWikipedia DescriptionBango is a mobile payment company for mobile app stores to power direct carrier billing for their customers. Bango enables app store customers to click and buy apps or in-app content, placing the charge directly onto their mobile phone bill.Source article: Bango plcCompanies House DescriptionA group engaged in development, marketing and sale of technology for mobile phone users to easily choose and purchase services, games, pictures, videos,music and ringtones on their mobile phones. Revenue = TurnoverLocationChoose an AddressRegistered addressTrading address5 Westbrook CentreMilton RoadCambridgeCB4 1YGUnited Kingdom5 Westbrook CentreMilton RoadCambridgeCambridgeshireCB4 1YGUnited KingdomView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×















Bango Plc launches new analytics product for mobile marketers
































































































Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital CN 

   
Sign up 


UNITED KINGDOM


USA
Australia
Germany
China




Login 






×
Send Email







To: *

Separate multiple addresses with commas.



From:




Name:





Please send me a copy



Message:









Verification code: *

  

Enter the code from above 





Send














×
Preferences

Profile

Password






Edit your personal details

EmailFirst NameLast NameMobile/CellHome/DaytimeWorkGender

Male
Female
HometownPrimary CountryCorporate WebsiteI want to get marketing materials from Proactive InvestorsMore about yourselfTell us a little bit about you and your interestsOccupationPortfolio Size

No portfolio
€1 - €49,000
€50,000 - €99,000
€100,000 - €499,000
€500,000 - €1,000,000
+€1000,000
Interest(You can select more then one)
General Interest
Educational
Private Investor
Professional Investor
Institutional Investor
Hedge Fund Manager
Public Relations
Financial Services
Broker
Media / Press
 

Change your password

PasswordPassword Repeat 











×
Contact Support



 

Your email: *Problematic page url *Message * 
Verification code
  
Enter the code from above * 
 





























 

×

 
Advanced Search


Keyword  

Search by 

CHANNEL
SECTOR
MARKET
AUTHOR
 



Energy
Mining
Pharma & Biotech
Tech
In Focus
 

Aerospace
Aerospace & Defense
Agribusiness
Automobiles & Parts
Banks
Basic Materials
Beverages
Broadcasting & Entertainment 
Building Material & Fixtures
Business Support Services
Capital Goods
Chemicals
Cleantech and Renewable Energy
Clothing & Footwear
Computer Hardware
Computer Services
Construction & Materials
Consumer Finance
Consumer Services
Diamonds & Gemstones
Education
Electronic & Electrical Equipment
Energy
Engineering
Equity Instruments
ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund 
Exploration & Production
Financial
Financial Admin
Food & Beverages
Food & Drug Retailers
Forestry & Paper
Furnishings
Gambling
General Financials
General Industry
General Mining
General Mining - Coal
General Mining - Copper
General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones
General Mining - Gold
General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite
General Mining - Lithium
General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese
General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt
General Mining - Platinum Group Metals
General Mining - Potash and Phosphate
General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals
General Mining - Silver
General Mining - Uranium & Lithium
General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin
General Retailers
Gold Mining
Growth Companies
Health Care, Equipment & Services
Industrial Machinery
Industrial Metals
Industrial Suppliers
Insurance
Integrated Oil & Gas
Internet
Internet
Investment Funds & Companies
Investment Services
IT Hardware
Leisure
Manufacturing
Media & Publishing
Medical Cannabis
Mining
Mobile Communications
Multiutilities
Nonequity Investment Instruments
Oil & Gas
Oil & Gas Equipment & Services
Oil & Gas Exploration & Production
Other Industry News
Personal Products
Pharma & Biotech
Pharmaceuticals
Platinum & Precious Metals
Real Estate
Real Estate Holding & Development
Recreational Services
Renewable Energy
Restaurants, pubs
Semiconductors
Software & Computer Services
Specialty Chemicals
Specialty Finance
Specialty Retailers
Sports
Support Services
Tech
Technology Hardware & Equipment
Telecommunications Equipment
Telecoms
Telecoms services
Transportation
Travel Leisure
Travel, Leisure & Hospitality
Utilities
 

All UK Markets
All North American Markets
PRIVATE
AIM
OTCQB
PINK
TMP
AMEX
LSE
PLUS
ASX
TSX
JSE
NASDAQ
FRA
TSX-V
OTCBB
KRX
OTC
FFT
NYSE
XETRA
ISE
MCE
CSE
COLOMBO
NASDAQ OMX
OSL
GXG
GSX
NSX
NEX
OTCMKTS
EPA
SGX
Frankfurt Code 
NYSEMKT
ETR
HKG
AEX 
 

Ian Mclelland
Craig Ribton
Ian Lyall
Philip Whiterow
Sam Kiri
Ruth Gemmell
Andrew McCrea
John Phillips
John Harrington 
Deborah Bacal
Carrie Howes
Brian Keane
Peter Murray
Jamie Ashcroft
Giles Gwinnett
Northland Capital 
Deborah Sterescu
Charlotte Kan
Anwar Ali
Bevis Yeo
Mourad Haroutunian
Gordon Aldcorn
Alessandro Bruno 
Jane Sully
Jackie Steinitz
Steve Asfour
Natasha Barr 
Proactive Investors
John McGoldrick
SP Angel
HB Markets
Ransquawk
Fuller Treavy
Galvan
Trader Talk
Hybridan
Fox-Davies
Fat Prophets
Alistair Strang
Edison's weekly research summary
The Naked Trader
Keith Heddle
Michael Millar
Angus Warren 
Beaufort Securities
Markets At A Glance 
Sprott Group
Susan McKenzie
Charlotte Kan 
Leigh Bolton
Adam Sheldrake
Sophie Barrowman
Emma Milton
Northland Capital
IG Group
Malcolm Graham-Wood
Nick Huber
Nicola Brown
Andrew Neil
Shard Capital
Damon Heath
Gareth Burchell
Juliet Mann
Jon Hopkins
Accendo Markets 
Sarah Lowther
Greg Watson
Nigel Roberts
.
Fuller Treacy Money
Philip Waller 
Jonathan Jones
Alastair Ford
Glen Jones
Thomas Coleman
Stewart Dalby 
Eithne Treanor
RFC Ambrian
Ben Marlow
Richard Embrey
Ebiquity
Kieron Hodgson
Stefania Barbaglio
Sasha Sethi
Jeremy Naylor
Jamie Nimmo
Carrie White
George Matlock
Josh Allsopp 
Tom Howard
VSA Capital 
George Matlock 
Charles Breese 
Roger Lawson
Andrew Scott
Jonathon Narvey 
Jonathon Narvey
Angela Kean
Christine Feary
Andre Lamberti
Jeff Coote
Sergei Balashov
Brad Lemaire
Joyanta Acharjee
Olivia D'Orazio
Jon Mainwaring
Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net
Fiona MacDonald
Erin Sugar
Richard Badauskas
Metals Place
Kam Patel
Julie Crust
Chris Shaw
Dorothy Kosich
Stephen Feldman
Jon Hopkins 
Tip Tv
Renae Dyer 
The Naked Fund Manager 
Helaine Kang
Sam Catalano
Lionel Therond
Riccardo Lowi
Ed Stacey
James Dolman
Ed Birkin
Youssef Essaegh
David Eaton
Fahad Changazi
James Eginton
Andy Brown
Zak Mir 
Eugene Gallagher
Nishant Varma
Christian Schmidt
Huub Verschueren
Mark A. Smith
Siva Sithraputhran 
Rachel Middleton
Paula Middlehurst 
 







 







 
















 

HomeNewsArticlesLON:BGO








Bango launches new analytics product for mobile marketers




        Share  



 Facebook





 Twitter
            


 Google+


 LinkedIn


 Email


 Print


 Download PDF version







07:51 26 Jan 2017






"The Bango Payment Platform provides information that can't be obtained anywhere else,” says Bango's Andy Bovington.


 

Bango Boost is expected to help growth in end user spending








	Payments specialist Bango PLC (LON:BGO) has launched the next generation of its data insights product for merchants.

	The new product from the company, whose primary business is to provide a payments platform for mobile phone users, allows major app stores and merchants to increase sales through targeted marketing.

	"The range and diversity of app stores and billing routes transacting through the Bango Payment Platform provides information that can't be obtained anywhere else,” said Andy Bovington, Bango vice president of product marketing.

	According to Bango, the first version of Boost increased the transaction success rate by between 20% and 40% (more in some cases) by helping merchants focus on the causes of friction in payment routes.

	Now, with version 2, the company is able to deliver comprehensive data analysis, including benchmarking performance against the wider market.

	Insights delivered through the Bango Boost v2 product help Bango's partners optimise marketing, by allowing them to increase spending on specific billing routes and/or target promotions at specific customer profiles.

	Significantly, the company says it expects Boost v2 will directly contribute to end user spend growth through 2017 – which would in turn drive the group’s turnover.

	Jacqueline Tarry, chief marketing officer for Psonar, a Bango partner, said: “For a content provider like Psonar, the ultimate call to action is when the customer responds to an offer by making a payment.

	"The Bango Payment Platform with Bango Boost is able to monitor our performance, compare it across the industry and identify the top areas to improve - helping us deliver the best service for our customers.

	“The ability of Bango Boost to quickly spot improvements and grow revenues has transformed our sales performance."







 





Top stories



 

Shell shares rise thanks to positive first half 




 

Rio Tinto more than doubles dividend, launches US$1bn share buy-back as profits jump




 

British Airways-owner IAG bullish on full-year after reporting strong second quarter despite massive IT systems crash



















View full BGO profile View Profile




                    Bango plc Timeline
                





Newswire 

July 11 2017

Bango booms as end user spend continues to soar









Article 

June 06 2017

Bango surges on Japanese carrier billing scheme for Amazon









Article 

March 14 2017

Bango a-go-go as end user spend continues to soar









Video 

February 01 2017

'We're just at the beginning of a really, really big opportunity', says Bango boss









Video 

January 31 2017

Bango Boost v2 'provides information that can't be obtained anywhere else'









Article 

January 12 2017

Bango revenue doubled in 2016 as end user spending soared









Video 

December 15 2016

Great time to take a look at Bango plc, says Progressive Equity









Newswire 

November 21 2016

Bango appoints new independent director 









Big Picture 

October 19 2016

Bango is ready to move into profitability, says Cenkos









Video 

September 20 2016

Bango plc chief says Pokemon Go craze making "significant difference" 




View All





 


Related Articles



 
TechFinancials revenues rise 57% as it returns to profit 
April 06 2017

 Chief executive Asaf Lahav said the results vindicated the company’s decision to diversify its product offering and focus on high growth markets such as Asia. 











 
CentralNic sales double; outlines ambitious expansion plans 
March 07 2017

 Turnover advanced 110% in the 12 months to December 31 to £22.1mln with two-thirds of 2015’s sales recurring in 2016. 











 
BOS Global enjoys productive first half to the year
June 12 2017

 It would have been somewhat embarrassing had an office productivity software firm not got its flagship product delivered on time, but fortunately BOS did 



















 RSS
 Portfolio

 Follow

									
		Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in 
Help 











	Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in


Bango plc
 View full company profile 
Why Invest In Bango plc? Read More Here  




	Bango is the standard platform chosen by leading global stores to deliver mobile payments to everyone. As the next billion consumers adopt their first smartphone and look for universal payment methods, Bango will be there to unlock the world of apps, video,...
Read more



	Bango is the standard platform chosen by leading global stores to deliver mobile payments to everyone. As the next billion consumers adopt their first smartphone and look for universal payment methods, Bango will be there to unlock the world of apps, video, music, games and other content that brings those smartphones to life. Global stores plugging into the Bango Payment Platform include Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN), Google (NASDAQ: GOOG), Samsung (005930: Korea SE) and Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT). Bango also partners with leading payment providers around the world to drive new users and revenues through its industry-leading mobile payment solutions.
Hide text








Market:
AIM			


EPIC:
BGO








Bango plc








1day


1year















Loading charts
















Loading charts















Key stocktube


 
'We're just at the beginning of a really, really big opportunity', says Bango boss
February 01 2017












Top Stories


 


16:12

Anfield Resources launches early warrant exercise program 



 


15:55

British Airways cabin crew extend strikes, undermining news of rise in July traffic at parent IAG  



 


15:50

London Stock Exchange shares up as it reveals there is life after death of Deutsche Borse deal  



 


15:45

Cobham shares jump on return to the black as the turnaround gets underway 



 


15:36

Ebiquity on track after solid start to 2017 



 


15:16

Liberty One Lithium delighted with Pocitos West report, which underscores its credentials 



 


14:49

Herbalife reports drop in second quarter sales but upgrades full year earnings guidance 










 






                Bango plc RNS announcements
            
 

2017-08-01  Total Voting Rights2017-07-27  Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-07-11  Trading Update & Notice of Interim Results2017-07-06  Holding(s) in Company2017-07-03  Total Voting Rights2017-06-06  Total Voting Rights2017-06-06  Physical goods payments for Amazon in Japan2017-05-24  Result of AGM2017-05-02  Total Voting Rights2017-04-03  Director/PDMR Shareholding

View all announcements




Proactive Investors Recommended

Instem says R&D productivity at "all-time high"
Mirada wants more markets as Mexico franks its technology 
cloudBuy emerges from tough year with keener focus on revenue generation




























 

































International:
NA
AU
DE
CN



Our Company
Term & Conditions
The Team
Contact us
Newsletter
Sitemap
Cookies
Work for us



Partners:




























  






×
Login



 
Email Password 



Sign in


Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery





Or login using...



























Bango Annual Report 2015 by Bango PLC (Paperback) - Lulu




















































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    

















Shop






                    Bango Annual Report 2015
                


By Bango PLC 





                                                                                                                                                                                Paperback, 52 Pages
                    









                                    This item has not been rated yet                            





Preview





Price:

                                                    $13.12
                                                                            



Prints in 3-5 business days

Bango PLC Report and accounts for the year ended 31 December 2015








Add to Cart










Embed










Ratings & Reviews |
                    Product Details








Ratings & Reviews
Log in to review this item





Log in to rate this item











You must be logged in to post a review.
                Please log in


There are no reviews for the current version of this product

Refreshing...





> Find Reviews for Previous Versions



There are no reviews for previous versions of this product


Refreshing...



To report this review as inappropriate, please complete this short form.



Email Address *




First Name



Last Name



Additional Comments




Report





Product Details

Copyright
        Bango PLC (Standard Copyright License)    
Publisher
Bango PLC
Published
    March 15, 2016

Language
English
Pages
52
Binding
Saddle-stitch Paperback
Interior Ink
Full color
Weight
        0.62 lbs.    
Dimensions (inches)
        8.26 wide x 11.69 tall    

Report This Content to Lulu >











Moderation of Questionable Content
Thank you for your interest in helping us moderate questionable content on Lulu. If you need assistance with an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
How does this content violate the Lulu Membership Agreement?


Selection
Privacy Violation and/or Defamation
Infringes my Trademark
Infringes my Copyright
Not Fit for General Access
Infringes a Well-Known Work
Violates the Membership Agreement in another way




Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") is a United States copyright law that provides guidelines for online service providers in case of copyright infringement. Below is the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to us as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the DMCA, which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, http://www.copyright.gov.
To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide us with the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This notice and any attachments we receive will be forwarded to the alleged infringer, who will then have the opportunity to file a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Should a properly filed counter notification be filed, you will be notified and have 10 business days within which to file for a restraining order in Federal Court to prevent the reinstatement of the material.
* Denotes a required field. All required fields must be filled out for us to be able to process your form.



From our Membership Agreement
"Lulu is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, experience, and professions can publish, sell, or buy creative content such as novels, memoirs, poetry, cookbooks, technical manuals, articles, photography books, children's books, calendars, and a host of other content that defies easy categorization. We help people distribute information and art spanning a wide range of subject matter while providing a safe, friendly, respectful, and serious site for all content creators. Since our community serves a broad range of ages, we do not encourage content that could make a majority of our users uncomfortable."
If you are sure that this product is in violation of acceptable content as defined in the agreement or that it does not meet our guidelines for General Access, please fill out the form below. It will then be reviewed by Lulu Staff to determine the next course of action.



First Name *

First Name is required.


Last Name *

Last Name is required.


Title



Organization



Address 

Address is required.


Country *

Country is required.


Email Address *

Email Address is required.
Email Address is invalid.


Phone Number 



Description *

Description is required.


Your Copyrighted Work *
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, "The copyrighted work at issue is the image that appears on http://www.lulu.com/####") or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.

required field


Location of Infringing Material
Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material. This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item.
http://www.lulu.com/shop/bango-plc/bango-annual-report-2015/paperback/product-22607602.html


Sworn Statements
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Please check to confirm *
required field


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please check to confirm                                *
required field


Signature
Date (MM/DD/YYYY) *

Date (MM/DD/YYYY) is required.


Signature *

Signature is required.
(Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in this form)

This form does not constitute legal advice and nothing that you read or are provided on this web site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel.



I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation.


* required field


Submit






Lulu abides by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), which governs how we are to treat claims of copyright infringement. If someone believes in good faith that a Lulu Account Holder has infringed their copyright, they can request that we take down the infringing material by filing a DMCA Notice. To file a DMCA Notice with Lulu, click on the button "Continue".
We reserve the right to ignore a Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either taking down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to it, and we may also contact you for more information.
If you are not the copyright holder or its agent and if the content is clearly infringing the copyright of a well-known work, please select "Infringes a well-known work" from the dropdown menu.


Continue





Your notification has been sent
Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement. Our agents will determine if the content reported is inappropriate or not based on the guidelines provided and will then take action where needed.
Thank you for notifying us. We will email you with the results and/or actions taken as a result of the investigation if you chose to receive confirmation.


OK




We were unable to complete your request.
We were unable to complete your request.


OK






Keywords

Bango Annual Report 
Listed In

 Business & Economics


More From     
                                Bango PLC                    




see more >






                        Bango Annual Report 2016
            

By Bango PLC 

            Paperback:        

$14.60







                        Bango Annual Report 2014
            

By Bango PLC 

            Paperback:        

$13.68







                        Annual Report 2013
            

By Bango PLC 

            eBook:        

$0.00







                        Annual Report 2013
            

By Bango PLC 

            Paperback:        

$17.33







                                    Report and accounts for...
                    

By Bango PLC 

            Paperback:        

$17.33
















Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok




