

Chasen Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Services

Freight & Trucking

Freight & Trucking Company Reports





Chasen Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
C230BE13B7DB1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





Chasen Holdings Limited - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of Chasen Holdings Limited with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of Chasen Holdings Limited key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key Chasen Holdings Limited competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED - OVERVIEW

1.1 Chasen Holdings Limited - Business Description
1.2 Chasen Holdings Limited - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 Chasen Holdings Limited - Milestones and History

2 CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 Chasen Holdings Limited - Strengths
5.2 Chasen Holdings Limited - Weaknesses
5.3 Chasen Holdings Limited - Opportunities
5.4 Chasen Holdings Limited - Threats

6 CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 Chasen Holdings Limited - Financial Snapshot
6.2 Chasen Holdings Limited – Stock Market Snapshot

7 CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED - KEY COMPETITORS

8 CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: Chasen Holdings Limited Key Facts 
Table 2: Chasen Holdings Limited Offices and Representations 
Table 3: Chasen Holdings Limited Milestones and History 
Table 4: Chasen Holdings Limited Key Executives 
Table 5: Chasen Holdings Limited Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: Chasen Holdings Limited Major Shareholders 
Table 7: Chasen Holdings Limited Products and Services
Table 8: Chasen Holdings Limited SWOT Analysis
Table 9: Chasen Holdings Limited Profitability 
Table 10: Chasen Holdings Limited Management Effectiveness
Table 11: Chasen Holdings Limited Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: Chasen Holdings Limited Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: Chasen Holdings Limited Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: Chasen Holdings Limited Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: Chasen Holdings Limited Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: Chasen Holdings Limited Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: Chasen Holdings Limited Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: Chasen Holdings Limited Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: Chasen Holdings Limited Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: Chasen Holdings Limited Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: Chasen Holdings Limited 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: Chasen Holdings Limited 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Max India Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Elizabeth Arden, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Collectors Universe Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Gadot Biochemical Industries Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Ampla Investimentos E Servicos SA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
Chasen Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Services Education Food Service Fast Food Restaurants Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports Pub & Bar  Freight & Trucking Air Freight Freight & Trucking Company Reports Rail Freight Road Freight Water Freight  Hotels Legal Services Logistics Post & Courier Recruitment Rental Sports & Fitness Center Travel & Leisure Media & Entertainment Casino and Gaming Cinema & Theater Magazine & Newspaper Media Company Reports Music Social Media Television & Radio  Utilities Company Reports Other Services 












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:

























Boon Hock Siah - Chief Operating Officer at Chasen Holdings Ltd.
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Boon Hock Siah
Chief Operating Officer at Chasen Holdings Ltd.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees 


Boon Hock Siah
Chief Operating Officer at Chasen Holdings Ltd.



 Overview



Notable Companies


Chasen Holdings Ltd.




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 11 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Weng Fatt Low

Chief Executive Officer at Chasen Holdings Ltd.




Beng Geok Yap

Administration Manager at Chasen Holdings Ltd.





Sin Huat Tan

Executive Director at P99 Holdings Ltd.




Koon Bee Yap

Director at Chasen Logistics Services Ltd.





Mun Yew Chew

Former Procurement Director-Shared Service Center at Micron Semiconductor Asia Pte Ltd.




Jwee Phuan Ng

Non-Executive Chairman at Chasen Holdings Ltd.





Cheng Fei Chan

Chief Financial Officer at Geo Energy Resources Ltd.




Choy Seng Chew

Deputy Chief Executive Officer at Compact Metal Industries Ltd.





Peng Leong Mak

Chief Financial Officer at Metal Component Engineering Ltd.




Kok Liang Chew

Secretary at Yongmao Holdings Ltd.







See 1 more listing with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1 More 


 


 Paths to Boon Hock Siah



            Boon Hock Siah          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Boon Hock Siah






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Boon Hock Siah.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Chief Operating Officer

                                    2007 - Current                


Chasen Holdings Ltd.


                  Chasen Holdings Ltd. engages in the provision of machinery and equipment relocation solutions. It operates through the following segments: Specialist Relocation Services, Third Party Logistics Services, and Technical and Engineering Services. The Specialist Relocation Services segment offers machinery and equipment moving services through projects or maintenance contracts. The Third Party Logistic Services segment includes packing services and supply of packaging and crating materials; warehousing of new or replaced machinery and equipment; shipping out of the country, and land transportation services. The Technical and Engineering Services segment deals with the turnkey facilities and engineering solutions; repair and maintenance services; construction projects, and contract manufacturing services. The company was founded by Koon Bee Yap in 1995 and is headquartered in Singapore.                




Managing Director

                                    Prior                


Global Technology Synergy Pte Ltd.


                  Global Technology Synergy Pte Ltd., a subsidiary of Chasen Holdings Ltd., is a company headquartered in Singapore. The firm provides engineering services and water treatment facilities construction services. It was acquired by Chasen Holdings Ltd.                




Managing Director

                                    Prior                


Hup Lian Engineering Pte Ltd.


                  Hup Lian Engineering Pte Ltd. distributes steel fabrication and provides installation services for construction and energy related industries. Its services include steel fabrication and installation, design and build, architectural steel, dry architecture, general construction and project management services. The company was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Singapore.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Executive Director

                    2007 - Current                  


Chasen Holdings Ltd.

                    Chasen Holdings Ltd. engages in the provision of machinery and equipment relocation solutions. It operates through the following segments: Specialist Relocation Services, Third Party Logistics Services, and Technical and Engineering Services. The Specialist Relocation Services segment offers machinery and equipment moving services through projects or maintenance contracts. The Third Party Logistic Services segment includes packing services and supply of packaging and crating materials; warehousing of new or replaced machinery and equipment; shipping out of the country, and land transportation services. The Technical and Engineering Services segment deals with the turnkey facilities and engineering solutions; repair and maintenance services; construction projects, and contract manufacturing services. The company was founded by Koon Bee Yap in 1995 and is headquartered in Singapore.                  




Director

                    2000 - 2001                  


Ascomp Cyberware International Pte Ltd.







 Other Affiliations




              Boon Hock Siah is affiliated with
                            Chasen Holdings Ltd., Global Technology Synergy Pte Ltd., Hup Lian Engineering Pte Ltd., Chasen Holdings Ltd., Ascomp Cyberware International Pte Ltd..
            




You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
























Singapore Directory Listing of Singapore Business, Company, Service and Product Directories













































						Directory of Singapore Business, Company, Service and Product						


Skip to content
Jump to main navigation and login

Nav view search
Navigation

AboutBlogContactDisclaimer


Search










 




You are here: Home  Financial  Investment  Catalist  Chasen Holdings Limited









Chasen Holdings Limited 

 









Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 2 November 1999 and listed on the SGX-SESDAQ (now known as Catalist) of the Singapore Exchange in February 2007 via a reverse takeover of China Entertainment Sports Ltd, Chasen specialises in providing relocation, packing and warehousing of machinery and equipment for the region’s manufacturing industries.

Chasen is an Investment Holding Company with subsidiaries providing specialist relocation solutions, facilities for packing and warehousing of machinery and equipment for the region's manufacturing industries, technical and engineering services. Some of the sophisticated equipment and machinery that requires Chasen's relocation, packing and warehousing expertise include those in industries such as water fabrication, TFT display panel production, chip testing and assembly and solar panel assembly. Chasen's technical and engineering service capabilities are applied to the logistics, electronics, marine and construction sectors in Singapore, Malaysia and the People’s Republic of China.

As testaments to our expertise and quality services, Chasen has also received various awards that include, ISO 9001:2000 in Quality Management System, ISO 14001 in Environmental Management System and OHSAS 18001:1999 in Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems.Rating 5000reviews0 voteListing Details
Address18 Jalan Besut, 619571Telephone6266 5978E-mailWebsitewww.chasen.com.sgCode / UEN / Reg No.5NVSectorServices 


Submit reviewRecommendReportMap






















Map





Reviews (0)



						Be the first to review this listing!					


 

« Previous listing in Catalist		
		|
		
			Next listing in Catalist » 





 













    Chasen Holdings Limited | Service Company | Singapore

 





















 









        "Ad blockers are great.  But not on ENF.  Then they are bad.  ENF looks better with Ad blocker disabled."
    





ENF Solar

Accelerating the Industry
 Language:English中文日本語한국어العربيةFrançaisEspañolDeutschItaliano






















                        Service Company
                    






                            Chasen Holdings
                        










                    Chasen Holdings Limited
                






                                    18 Jalan Besut, 619571
                            






                                    +65 6266 5978
                            






                                    +65 6262 4286
                            






[javascript protected email address]








                        www.chasen.com.sg
                    







                                    Singapore  
























                Business Details
            



                Service Types
            

                                    Logistics
                            



                Service Coverage
            

                                    APAC
                            





                        LinkedIn Profiles 









                        Last Update
                    

                        13 Mar 2017
                                                    
                                Update above information
                            









        Report Error
    


Web Page *





Comments *





Name 





Email 






Submit
Sending
 Cancel













Chasen Holdings Limited



















































 
 


 







 


 


 


 




 
 

+ 
Relocation Services 



 


 
 

+ 
Third Party Logistics ("3PL") and Related Services 



 


 
 

+ 
Technical & Engineering Services 



 


 



+ 
Operational Subsidiaries

 
 




 


 


 


 







 



Operational Subsidiaries 


 


 
 
 


 










• Chasen Logistics Services Limited (Singapore) ("CLSL")
CLSL aims to be the leading logistics service provider in the region, specialising in machinery and equipment relocation solutions and enhancing its service capabilities to meet the diverse needs of the market place. It serves customers in the hi-tech multinational and local companies in the wafer fabrication, TFT LCD display, solar panel and other electronics manufacturing and their support testing industries. CLSL boasts a comprehensive range of solutions that include relocation services; not only does CLSL cater for inbound and outbound projects, it also provides repositioning and maintenance projects, packing, management and planning services for our customers on a regular or adhoc basis.  CLSL is known to be currently operating one of the largest 3rd party machinery and equipment air-conditioned warehousing facilities in Singapore, catering some 120,000 square feet out of the 200,000 square feet of warehouse space, for the purpose of storing its customers' machinery and equipment that require humidity controlled facilities prior to installation or shipment.  Owning a fleet of well diversified and state-of-the-art transportation vehicles and material handling tools and equipment are secondary complements in meeting all kinds of specialised relocation demands.  CLSL is able to provide Total Logistics Management for its diversified customer base.CLSL had clinched several major relocation projects. Notable among these are the moving-in of the capital equipment and facilities for Norway's Renewable Energy Corporation's ("REC") complex in Tuas, which is the world's largest integrated solar panel manufacturing complex. This was awarded to CLSL under a contract through its main contractor, M+W Zander (S) Pte Ltd, and another relocation project on 3M's new plant, also in the Tuas area.  Other significant achievements included the ASML move-in to TECH Semiconductor plant and the completion of AMKOR and Energizer capital equipment relocation projects. CLSL was also awarded the Bizsafe Star Enterprise Award by the Workplace Safety and Health Council, part of the Ministry of Manpower in Singapore. This is the highest certification to recognise companies that implements good safety practices in the workplace.


 





 
 


 










• Chasen (Shanghai) Hi-Tech Machinery Services Pte Ltd (China) ("Chasen Hi-Tech")Chasen Sino-Sin (Beijing) Hi-Tech Services Pte Ltd (China) ("Chasen Sino-Sin")
Both Chasen Hi-Tech and Chasen Sino-Sin specialise in domestic and international relocation and resettlement, as well as, packing, handling and warehousing of advanced sophisticated machinery for high technology industries such as semiconductors, TFT-LCD and solar panel manufacturing facilities. Chasen Hi-Tech completed Phase 2 of a TFT-LCD manufacturing plant in 2011 and was also awarded a contract to move-in a customer's solar panel manufacturing equipment from Switzerland to Bao Ding, PRC. Chasen Hi-Tech operates from Shanghai whilst Chasen Sino-Sin is based in Beijing.  Both operations replicate the services of CLSL in the PRC market securing businesses on their own, as well as, executing relocation contracts secured by CLSL from its global clientele base.


 





 
 


 










• Chasen Sinology (Beijing) Logistics Co., Ltd (China) ("Chasen Sinology")
Incorporated in Beijing as a result of a joint venture with Beijing Xuan Gu Ge Artefact Restoration Technology Co., Ltd, Chasen Sinology is involved, amongst other things, in the provision of artefact packaging and transportation for both domestic and international art exhibitions and cultural exchanges. Chasen Sinology's niche is in the provision of a digitisation scanning process that allows it to collate information on the relic pertaining to its history, the material composition and the weak points so that special reinforcements can be provided to protect it from damage during the packaging and transportation. The specialised non-contact packaging fabrication, which completely envelopes a relic to uniformly distribute the stresses that the relic may be subjected to, reduces the risk of damage due to point stresses.  Chasen Sinology's CNC machine cutting of the packaging reduces the time of mould fabrication as compared to the previous manual method. Chasen Sinology also provides relics warehousing, handling, customs declaration and related consultancy services. It commenced operations on 1 April 2009.


 





 
 


 









• Chasen Logistics Sdn Bhd (Malaysia) ("CLSB")
In Malaysia, CLSB continues to grow its customer base in the machinery and equipment relocation. Apart from relocation contracts serving the MNC hard- disk/media manufacturer, CLSB has also expanded its packing service facility, thus catering to the needs of its existing and new customer requirements. CLSB has been awarded the mover service maintenance contract with Intel and will continue to discuss with potential customers on similar management of relocation projects within the territory. CLSB's operations replicate the services of CLSL in the Malaysian market securing businesses on its own, as well as, executing relocation contracts secured by CLSL from its global clientele base.


 





 
 


 









• Chasen Logistics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd (China) ("Chasen Shanghai")
Like CLSL, the company was set up to provide complementary services to the relocation segment in the PRC. Chasen Shanghai is involved in the provision of bonded warehousing facilities, logistics and distribution services in Shanghai. It also provides freight forwarding, packing, warehousing management, as well as, import and export services.


 





 
 


 









• DNKH Logistics Pte Ltd (Singapore) ("DNKH")
DNKH specialises in transportation and offers full scale import and export logistics services in air freight, sea freight, oversize cargo handling, machine moving, show logistics, product distribution and warehousing. With over 40,000 square feet of warehouse space, including bonded warehouses, DNKH customises and tailor-makes operating procedures to cater to customer's specific requirements.


 





 
 


 









• City Zone Express Sdn Bhd (Malaysia) ("CZE")
CZE is a Malaysian company specialising in providing third party logistics services such as warehousing, customs brokerage and land transportation covering Thailand, Malaysia and Singapore. It strives to be a world-class transport and warehouse service provider by maintaining the highest level of quality, reliability and affordability in the industry. CZE owns a sizeable truck fleet comprising a total of 85 units ranging from 45-footer, 40-footer, 24-footer, 5-tonner, 3-tonner and 1-tonner. The majority of these assets are engaged in daily interstate long and short haul transportation runs between Singapore, Thailand and Peninsular Malaysia. CZE is based in Penang and will serve as the core of Chasen's plan to establish this service throughout Malaysia, starting in the peninsula before extending its reach into East Malaysia.


 





 
 


 









• REI Technologies Pte Ltd (Singapore) ("REI")
Incorporated in Singapore, REI seeks to achieve win-win situations with customers and suppliers focusing on effective communication and commitment to tasks delivering products and services at the highest quality at the lowest cost of ownership. It operates a supporting facility in Penang to enable it to be cost effective in its services. REI's range of products and services includes turnkey solutions in equipment relocation both locally and regionally, mid-size base build facilitisation, office renovation, utilities hookups, cleanroom construction and automation systems. Through the provision of such services, REI has added a new dimension in the turnkey relocation solutions offered by the Group to its customers.In support of the "green movement", REI has introduced an intelligent energy management system called i.nerv, employing a systemic approach to improve efficiency of air-conditioning system by up to 40%. To this end, it hopes to provide this value-added service to high-rise commercial buildings and condominium owners and managers in the region.


 





 
 


 









• REI Hitech Sdn Bhd (Malaysia) ("REI Hitech")
REI Hitech is the Malaysian subsidiary of REI Technologies Pte Ltd (Singapore). It complements the services of REI Technologies (Singapore) in the region.


 





 
 


 









• REI Promax Technologies Pte Ltd (Singapore) ("REI Promax")
REI Promax aims to be the preferred global partner in precision machining technology for its customers. It has manufacturing facilities in Singapore and Suzhou in the PRC, serving customers in the semiconductor, optical, aerospace, telecommunication and military industries in Singapore and the region, the PRC, US and Europe. REI Promax provides an array of solutions that comprises prototype machining, precision machining for components such as moulds, jigs and fixtures, mechanical sub-assemblies, design and fabrication of special purpose machines and reverse engineering. REI Promax's tagline, Solutions Through Precision Engineering, is the motivation behind its quality philosophy. It ensures that quality is the responsibility of all and the careful management of all processes ensuring that quality is build into the system. Driven with the desire for continual improvement, REI Promax has been certified with ISO9001:2000.


 





 
 


 










• Hup Lian Engineering Pte Ltd (Singapore) ("HLE")
HLE is a specialised engineering and structural steel fabrication supplier and installation service provider to the local construction, marine and energy related industries. It is ISO 9001:2000 certified and was accredited structural steel fabricator for category S2 by the Singapore Structural Steel Society in 2005. Having amassed vast experience in the design, supply and installation of steel fabrication for the construction of industrial buildings, warehouses, factories, shopping malls, link ways and other steel structures in Singapore, HLE has been successful in securing projects in the marine, property development and oil and gas industries. Among the notable projects completed by HLE include structural steelworks for the Sentosa Integrated Resort and REC world's largest solar manufacturing complex in Tuas, the Ministry of Education headquarters at North Buona Vista Road, canopy structure at Clarke Quay, roofing shelters for HDB's multi-storey carparks, SOITEC - FAB 3 manufacturing plant, SMAG III chemical plants at Jurong Island and pharmaceutical plants for Schering Plough Ltd, Lonza and Genentech.


 





 
 


 










• Goh Kwang Heng Pte Ltd  & Goh Kwang Heng Scaffolding Pte Ltd (Singapore) ("GKH Group")
The GKH Group has been providing scaffolding services since 1984 as a business partnership between two brothers. Following its incorporation as a limited liability company in 1992, it has been a prominent scaffolding equipment and service provider to Singapore's marine and construction industries. An ISO 9001:2000 certified scaffolding solutions provider, the GKH Group has been mandated by Singapore's Ministry of Manpower as an Approved Scaffolding Contractor since 2004. The GKH Group started providing scaffolding services using timber system and thereafter, switched to providing frame scaffold system and eventually turned to the present tubular and coupling scaffold system. GKH has scored many 'firsts' pertaining to safety performance, among which were the introduction of human catch netting, fall arrest mechanism with lifeline and latest being the introduction of a 1.5m width emergency escape tower in the IR Marina Sands project. As technology advances, the GKH Group expanded to provide a wider range of scaffold systems, including the modular scaffold system, and started developments on new range of scaffold products to meet industrial needs of the marine and construction industries. GKH has been a long time service supplier to Keppel Shipyard and hitherto, continues to maintain its foothold with the established shipyard. Among the many projects completed were the Floating Storage Oil Tankers ("FSO") and Oil Rig Platforms. Other notable projects that the GKH Group has undertaken include the Concorde Hotel, Biopolis, Admiralty Industrial Park, National Library and Changi Terminal 3, and is currently providing scaffolds to the REC complex in Tuas, IR Sentosa Theme Park, construction of MRT station at One North and construction of supply vessels at Keppel Shipyard.


 




 
 




 
 


 
 


 
 




 


Disclaimer | Copyright © Chasen Holdings Limited. All Rights Reserved.
                Powered by JS-Solutions Networks Pte Ltd.
 




 
 

 





Chasen Holdings Limited



















































 
 


 







 


 


 


 




 
+ History 
 


 
+ Corporate Vision 
 


 
+ Report to Shareholders 
 


 


 
+
FY-2017


 
+
FY-2016


 
+
FY-2015


 
+
FY-2014


 
+
FY-2013


 
+
FY-2012

 
 


 
 
 


 
+ Milestones 
 




 


 


 


 







 



Report to Shareholders 


 


 
 
 


 




FY-2012
 Dear Shareholders,FY2012 was another milestone year for the Group as we completed the fifth year of our listing on the Exchange in February 2012. In the year under review the Group reported a 37% increase in revenue to S$99.0 million, our highest ever and very close to our milestone revenue target of S$100 million. The resulting S$8.5 million profit before tax was also the highest recorded by the Group and despite a much higher tax bill, the Group managed to maintained its profit after tax close to last year’s record.The good business performance were mainly achieved in the earlier part of the year and as the prevailing recessionary global economic environment set in, the Group’s growth slowed in the last quarter. Nevertheless, I am pleased to report on behalf of the Board of Directors, that the Group’s growth strategy implemented since we were listed has borne fruit and generated continuing set of commendable results with sterling growth and consistent dividend payout throughout the past years.Developing into an Integrated Service ProviderThe primary business of Chasen when it was listed in 2007 was as a Specialist Relocation Solutions provider. It was the tail end service in the supply chain in the setting up of manufacturing facilities. As we have moved further up the supply chain, we are now able to provide Third Party Logistics and Technical & Engineering services to complement the original Specialist Relocation Solutions services. Our Group now has the capability to provide turnkey services from the construction and facilitating of a manufacturing or service capability to relocating and hooking up the sophisticated machinery and equipment used by the customer. After commencement of operations, the Group is able to continue servicing the customer with other logistics solutions including warehousing and other third party logistics and technical services such as plant maintenance support. Chasen is currently recognized by major multinational players employing highly sophisticated machinery and equipment in their operations as a quality global relocation solutions provider and we will strive over the next few years to establish our other complementary service capabilities into strong regional players in their respective industries.  Our established track record and expanded service offerings earned us a wider and diversified customer pool. Our list of renowned global customers grew from clients in the electronics sectors of thin-film transistor liquid crystal display (“TFT LCD”) panel manufacturers, wafer fabrication and other semi-conductor related industries to encompass customers in the telecommunications, renewable energy, oil & gas, marine and construction sectors as well. Consequently, the Group current business model of diversified revenue source enabled us to weather cyclical industry downturns as shown by the growth of the Group over the past few years. In our bid to establish ourselves regionally Chasen successfully replicated our business model in both Malaysia and China, as evident in our contracts winning momentum. Notably, the Group clinched more than RMB100 million worth of relocation projects in the People’s Republic of China in the financial year under review, a breakthrough vindication of the Company’s decision to enter the Chinese market in 2004. The Group currently employs more than 1200 workers region-wide and a good portion of this workforce can be deployed for project execution out of their operating base.Business PerformanceWe achieved yet another record high revenue of S$99.0 million in FY2012, a 37% year-on-year revenue growth from FY2011, and close to a five-fold increase over the revenue in the financial year of our public listing in 2007. This represents a 36.6% CAGR growth over the five years period from FY2007. Increase in the Group’s revenue growth was supported by broad-based growth across all three business segments, Specialist Relocation Solutions, Third Party Logistics and Technical & Engineering services. Specialist Relocation Solutions remained to the Group’s main revenue driver, contributing about 45% of the Group’s revenue in FY2012. Singapore continues to be the Group’s main geographical revenue base, contributing S$58.0 million or 59% of total revenue in FY2012. We concluded FY2012 with a net profit attributable to shareholders of S$7.3 million, achieving 30% CAGR growth from FY2007 to FY2012, representing basic earnings per ordinary share of 3.07 Singapore cents (FY2011: 3.22 Singapore cents) over the enlarged shareholdings. The Group continues to acquire strategic additions to our total capability and set annual growth and investment return targets to gauge the performance of each subsidiary. We are pleased to present the report card of the business performance of the various subsidiaries for the period under review as measured against the set targets. These results help management to focus its resources on those subsidiaries that require greater support and attention.  We are also pleased to report that the Group’s efforts in business expansion had attracted international attention. In January 2012, the Group was ranked the 4th fastest growing Singapore company by International Business Times and ranked No. 1 in the Road & Rail category worldwide. This international ranking serves as encouragement for the Group to continue our emphasis on business growth.Prospects and OutlookMarket conditions are expected to remain challenging for the year ahead resulting in lesser project tender opportunities and delays in project commencement or work in progress. The sales and marketing team will continue to seek business opportunities through sales leads in the regional market so as to build a strong project pipeline. The Group will still rely substantially on revenue from projects from all its business segments. Such projects require substantial financial resources to execute them successfully. Management recently established a department headed by our Executive Director to vet the viability of these projects before committing our resources to them. The department will also conduct the necessary due diligence and establish the required legal and operational management framework for each project and oversee their successful execution by the subsidiary concerned. The Group also has a steady recurring revenue base in its relocation and third party logistics businesses where Chasen continues to service their customers by providing on-site relocation support in case any equipment or machinery needs to be relocated to be retrofitted, refurbished or reconfigured due to change in production settings, improvement in product or production technology. Stiff competition may compromise margins but we will continue to devote conscientious efforts to manage our operating costs so as to remain competitive and nimble in this business environment. We will explore ways to streamline our Group structure to improve efficiency and productivity. We are committed to enhance shareholders’ value through continued sustainable growth. We will work on enlarging and further diversification of our revenue stream to ensure the Group’s growth through expanding customer base, market share and geographical spread. Investor RelationsThe Group remains dedicated to improving communications with stakeholders through a series of investor friendly measures to achieve greater corporate transparency, awareness and enhanced brand equity. We announced our financial results well within 45 days and 60 days for our quarterly and annual results respectively. Briefings were arranged on a quarterly basis where Directors shared with investors the Group’s corporate updates, financial review and their views on market outlook. Chasen also participates actively in media interviews and supplements by mainstream media like Straits Times, Lianhe Zaobao, Business Times and online media portal like NextInsight. The Board updates the Group’s shareholders on an annual basis through the Annual General Meeting where robust discussions are encouraged through questions and answers during the meeting. In December 2011, the Group was also awarded the Certificate of Excellence for “Best Investor Relations” by a SGX Catalist Company at the IR Magazine South East Asia Conference and Awards 2011.Corporate CitizenryAs part of its corporate citizenship philosophy, Chasen continues to exercise its social responsibility to the local community. Chasen sponsored a charity golf tournament organized by the Lions Clubs, participated in a charity golf tournament organized by one of our principal customers (M+W Singapore Pte Ltd) and donated to a children’s home that is managed by the Singapore Statutory Board Employees’ Cooperative Thrift & Loan Society. AppreciationI will like to express my heartfelt gratitude and appreciation to my fellow Directors and all our employees for the breakthroughs we achieved during the year. I would also like to thank our customers and other stakeholders including business partners, associates, suppliers, service providers, professional advisors and intermediaries for their continuing confidence in Chasen’s ability to deliver the desired results. Our journey has been made pleasant by your unwavering support.LOW WENG FATTManaging Director and CEO 



 
 


 


 
 

 




 
 


 
 


 
 




 


Disclaimer | Copyright © Chasen Holdings Limited. All Rights Reserved.
                Powered by JS-Solutions Networks Pte Ltd.
 




 
 

 





Freight & Trucking Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Services

Freight & Trucking

Freight & Trucking Company Reports








Freight & Trucking Company Research Reports


Freight and Trucking Companies are logistic firms focusing and specializing in the transporting of freight from one locality to another. These companies can be grouped into a variety of international and domestic shipping agents. There are oceans of Freight and Trucking Companies in operation from pole to pole, the sizable majority of which belong within larger organizations such as, among others, the IATA, the BIFA, and the FTA.
The Freight and Trucking Industry rebounded from the global downfall to return to more unswerving growth during 2012, which is primarily the fruitage of greater cargo volumes and higher rates. Alliance Air Freight, United Parcel Service (UPS), DHL, Purolator Inc., GlobalTranz, FedEx Corp. and TNT N.V are amid the globe’s most far-famed Freight and Trucking Companies.
A collection of newsy research reports falling within this Catalogue give the most fresh-faced reviews of home-to-multinational Freight and Trucking Companies. The research reports provide access to the history of Freight and Trucking Companies’ development, their corporate strategies, organizational structures and activities. The research reports are fleshed out with detailed SWOT analyses, info on the companies’ chief employees, key rivals and principal goods and services.





All Regions


Freight & Trucking Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        datamining
                        GlobalData
                    



                            Found
                                 1904 publications                    



Zhuhai Winbase International Chemical Tank Terminal Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhuhai Winbase International Chemical Tank Terminal Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Expressway Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Expressway Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhangjiagang Freetrade Science and Technology Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhangjiagang Freetrade Science and Technology Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


ZERO Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
ZERO Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zebra Nusantara PT - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zebra Nusantara PT - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yujin International Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yujin International Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yue Da Mining Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yue Da Mining Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Y.u.d Yangtze River Investment Industry Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Y.u.d Yangtze River Investment Industry Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YRC Worldwide Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YRC Worldwide Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yoosung T&S Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yoosung T&S Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yingkou Port Liability Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yingkou Port Liability Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yinggao Holdings plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yinggao Holdings plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yang Ming Marine Transport Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yang Ming Marine Transport Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamato Holdings Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamato Holdings Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xiandai Investment Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xiandai Investment Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xiamen Port Development Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xiamen Port Development Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xiamen International Port Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xiamen International Port Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xiamen International Airport Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xiamen International Airport Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wuhu Port Storage & Transportation Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wuhu Port Storage & Transportation Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wridgways Australia Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wridgways Australia Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WLG Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WLG Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wisdom Marine Lines Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wisdom Marine Lines Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Winland Online Shipping Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Winland Online Shipping Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilson A.S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilson A.S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilson, Sons de Administracao e Comercio Ltda - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilson, Sons de Administracao e Comercio Ltda - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilh. Wilhelmsen ASA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilh. Wilhelmsen ASA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilh. Wilhelmsen Holding ASA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilh. Wilhelmsen Holding ASA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Westshore Terminals Income Fund - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Westshore Terminals Income Fund - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Westjet Airlines Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Westjet Airlines Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Western India Shipyard - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Western India Shipyard - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


West Japan Railway Co. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
West Japan Railway Co. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Werner Enterprises Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Werner Enterprises Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wan Hai Lines Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wan Hai Lines Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wah Nam International Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wah Nam International Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vueling Airlines SA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vueling Airlines SA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VTG AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VTG AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VizStar, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VizStar, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vitran Corp Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vitran Corp Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Virgin Blue Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Virgin Blue Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vilmaris GmbH & Co. KGaA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vilmaris GmbH & Co. KGaA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Varun Shipping Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Varun Shipping Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vantec Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vantec Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Value Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Value Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


UTOC Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
UTOC Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


UTair Aviation JSC - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
UTair Aviation JSC - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


USA Truck Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
USA Truck Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


U.S. Helicopter Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
U.S. Helicopter Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


US Airways Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
US Airways Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


US 1 Industries Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
US 1 Industries Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Universal Truckload Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Universal Truckload Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Services Education Food Service Fast Food Restaurants Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports Pub & Bar  Freight & Trucking Air Freight Freight & Trucking Company Reports Rail Freight Road Freight Water Freight  Hotels Legal Services Logistics Post & Courier Recruitment Rental Sports & Fitness Center Travel & Leisure Media & Entertainment Casino and Gaming Cinema & Theater Magazine & Newspaper Media Company Reports Music Social Media Television & Radio  Utilities Company Reports Other Services 






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:





















