





Chongqing Changjian Technology Co.,Ltd







info@changjantec.com

       
     
      














Home
About Us
Vehicle GPS Tracker
Personal GPS Tracker
3G WCDMA GPS Tracker
Pet GPS Tracker

Cooperation


Blog
FAQ
Business cooperation
Videos
Catalogue



Contact



















Over 10 years of experience as a GPS tracking manufacturer and solutions provider
    Changjian is a true innovator of quality GPS trackers that have satisfied clients worldwide. We are a direct manufacturer with over 10 years of experience in the industry. Our products have been rated on the top ten list for trackers as we continue to set the standard for the industry.  
 
   Not all business are the same and for that we offer multiple GPS trackers along with the necessary added on accessories such as fuel temperature sensors, relays, cameras, microphones.   

   We carry various solutions for every type of industry and back our products 100% with our award winning customer service and technical support. For more information please contact us directly by email or call us at 86-023-6895-9118.
Contact us




Changjian's Mission


The main business targets


Changjian Tech's Vision




GPS Positioning  All the Products




LK106
Older GPS Tracking Solution





LK210-3G
Wire GPS Tracking Solution





LK660B
Animal GPS Tracking Solution





LK930
Fleet GPS Tracking Solutions





LK100
PET GPS Tracking Solutions





LK109-3G
Personal GPS Tracking Solutions





LK209A
Vehicle GPS Tracking Solutions





LK209C
Rental GPS Tracking Solution







GPS Tracking Solutions




Motorcycles GPS Tracking
Car GPS Tracking
Mobile Phone GPS Tracking
Freight and Logistics GPS Tracker
Pet GPS Tracker






Kids GPS Tracking
First Aid GPS Help
Bicycle GPS Tracking
Asset GPS Tracking
GPS Service For Rental






How do GPS trackers work?

            The Global Positioning System (GPS) is a space-based satellite navigation system that provides location and time information in all weather conditions, anywhere on or near the Earth where there is an unobstructed line of sight to four or more GPS satellites The system provides critical capabilities to military, civil and commercial users around the world It is maintained by the United States government and is freely accessible to anyone with a GPS re...
        


The Latest News




New Arrival LK930
Changjian revealed its new LK930 vehicle GPS tracker





The Difference Between LBS and GPS
LBS-Location Based Service is a software-level service





IFA 2016 Berlin
 IFA is the worlds leading trade show for consumer electronics and home appliances





New Product Development Conference
For achieving better experience and user friendly product, a New Product R & D Process Optimization and R & D    






﻿




            Changjian is a GPS tracker manufacturer with a collection of R&D, Production and Sales, focuses on all kinds of GPS solution, and emphatically provides high quality products and first-class service for customers. 
            


FOLLOW US ON TWITTER
Breaking news!
Changjian has just revealed its new LK930 vehicle GPS tracker 5th October,2016.
Meeting you on IFA2016, Welcome to join us.

CCISF, We are waiting for you! 


CONTACT INFO

                Phone:86-023-68959118
                Fax: 86-023-68916232
                Email: info@changjantec.com
                Address: Room 616, Six Floor, Tiantai shidai Xingzuo, No.106, Cuibai Road, Dadukou District, Chongqing City, China.
            


FIND US ON FACEBOOK



Copyright 2016 Chongqing Chang Jian Technology Co.,Ltd｜All Rights Reserved｜All pictures and content are property of Chang Jian Tech Co.,Ltd



Iris
Derrick
Lynn







Product range: The base depot monitors supplier - ChongQing Gaojiu Technology Co.,Ltd from china of item 16779737













供应商专区
外贸论坛











>提交网站
>发布产品


 




Home
Products


Lightning Rod(1)
Other Antennas(1)
Other Monitors(1)



About Us
Contact Us

 
                    ChongQing Gaojiu Technology Co.,Ltd                 
 Source page:
http://www.cqg9.com/


 


ChongQing Gaojiu Technology Co.,Ltd
The company introducesThe Chongqing high long science and technology Limited company is one is engaged in the specialized research and development, the production and the integration communication facility and the special purpose vehicle equipment is a body's high technology and new technology enterprise. The company collected one batch to graduate from the domestic various universities, colleges and institutes correspondence, the computer, mechanical and electrical, the electronic specialized ...The company introducesThe Chongqing high long science and technology Limited company is one is engaged in the specialized research and development, the production and the integration communication facility and the special purpose vehicle equipment is a body's high technology and new technology enterprise. The company collected one batch to graduate from the domestic various universities, colleges and institutes correspondence, the computer, mechanical and electrical, the electronic specialized ...Details


Products










Product range: The base depot monitors
Details： Introduced in detail: The CDMA industrial data transmits terminal ...










DYNAWATT special mobile electrical power system
Details： Product introduction:DYNAWATT takes the strength generator first ...












Emergency communication vehicles special-purpose antenna attitude control system
Details： At present in the domestic system, the volume is smallest, the weight ...










Email to this supplier



 
                        




From:



Enter your Email please.

Your email is incorrect!




To:
ChongQing Gaojiu Technology Co.,Ltd


Subject:




Subject is empty!




Message:



Characters Remaining: (80/3000)

 Please enter 20 to 3000 characters to contact this supplier!





 




 





 









Home |
        Products |
        Suppliers |
       About Us  |
       Contact Us |

       Help  |
       Site Map |
       公司介绍 |
       联系我们 


                        China Hot Products:
                        A |
                        B |
                            C |
                            D |
                            E |
                            F |
                            G |
                            H |
                            I |
                            J |
                            K |
                            L |
                            M |
                            N |
                            O |
                            P |
                            Q |
                            R |
                            S |
                            T |
                            U |
                            V |
                            W |
                            X |
                            Y |
                            Z |
                            0~9

Terms of use - IPR Protection Privace Policy - Privace Policy
                    Copyright © 2011 everychina.com. All rights reserved.









Product list
        Chongqing Hongmei  Technology Co., Ltd.













weiku.comJoin Free  |
 My Weiku

 
 


  
 Chongqing Hongmei  Technology Co., Ltd.Gasoline engines,generators,water pumps,small gasoline engines,jointing machines,power sprayer,electric sprayer,plate compactors,concrete cutter,high pressure washer,lawn mower,cultivator,spare parts for motorcycle,motorcycle,ATV,dirt bike,trike  
Store HomeProductsAbout UsContact





Enterprise Certification Product Certification& Enterprise Certification
More Detail


Chongqing Hongmei  Technology Co., Ltd.

Credibility: 


Country:
                    China (Mainland)
                

Established Time:2000
                

Business License:Did not upload

Business type:Manufacturer, Trading Company
Certification:


Contact:Contact Now




Refine Search






Products Generator 2 inch petrol pump GASOLINE GENERATOR concrete cutter Generator gasoline generator GASOLINE GENERATOR most popular gasoline generator HM2500 3Inch HONGMEI Gasoline Water Pump QGZ80-30 Factory of DIGITAL brand gasoline generators Gasoline engine Water pump Pump 2inch water pump garden sprayer More


Contact us

Contact Person:Mr.Xu
Tel:0086-0-13368294191
Fax:0086-23-68952793
Province/state:Chongqing
Street:Huzhu industrial park Dadukou district Chongqing city China.






View all products from this supplierProducts












Generator

                                 Place of Origin:Chongqing China (Mainland)Speed:3000rom/3600rpmPort:chongqingFrequency:50hz/60hz

gasoline generator,6.5kw generator,marine genset














2 inch petrol pump

                                 Place of Origin:Chongqing China (Mainland)Fuel:GasolineApplication:pumpPort:chongqing

Water pump,gasoline water pump,pump














GASOLINE GENERATOR

                                 Place of Origin:Chongqing China (Mainland)Speed:3600Port:CHONGQINGRated Current:28A

gasoline generator 380v,portable gasoline generator,gasoline generators 6000w














concrete cutter

                                 Port:ShanghaiBrand Name:HONGMEIModel Number:HMS500Place of Origin:Chongqing China (Mainland)

concrete cutting equipment,road cutting equipment,cutting machine














Generator

                                 Place of Origin:Chongqing China (Mainland)Speed:3000rpm/minPort:chongqingRated Current:10.8A

silent generator set,gasoline generator














gasoline generator

                                 Place of Origin:Chongqing China (Mainland)Speed:3600Port:chongqingRated Current:8.7A

gasoline generator set,gasoline generator parts














GASOLINE GENERATOR

                                 Brand Name:HERMESSpeed:3600Rated Voltage:220v/230v/240vFrequency:50hz

GENERATOR,generator set,portable generator














most popular gasoline generator HM2500

                                 Port:Chongqing/ShanghaiFOB Price:US $ 265 - 335  / UnitMinimum Order Quantity:55 Unit/UnitsSupply Ability:2100 Unit/Units per   Week

Most Popular Gasoline Generator Hm2500,  Most Popular Gasoline Generator,China Gasoline Generator Factory,Hotmail Gasoline Generator Factory














3Inch HONGMEI Gasoline Water Pump QGZ80-30

                                 Port:chongqingFOB Price:US $80 - 100  / UnitMinimum Order Quantity:40 Unit/UnitsModel Number:QGZ80-30

3inch Hongmei Gasoline Water Pump Qgz80-30,  Self-priming Pump,Agriculture Pump,Irrigation Pump














Factory of DIGITAL brand gasoline generators

                                 Port:Chongqing/ShanghaiFOB Price:US $265 - 335  / UnitMinimum Order Quantity:50 Unit/UnitsSupply Ability:2100 Unit/Units per   Week

Factory Of Digital Brand Gasoline Generators,  Factory Of Digital Brand Gasoline Generators,China Gasoline Generator Factory,E-mail Gasoline Generator Factory














Gasoline engine

                                 Brand Name:HongmeiCylinder:Single CylinderFuel:GasolineCold Style:Air-cooled

Engine,gasoline engine,4-stroke engine














Water pump

                                 Brand Name:HONGMEIFuel:GasolineApplication:pumpPort:chongqing

gasoline water pump,pump














Pump

                                 Brand Name:HERMESFuel:GasolineUsage:WaterStandard or Nonstandard:Standard

self-priming pump,3 inch water pump,key start pump














2inch water pump

                                 Brand Name:HongmeiFuel:GasolineApplication:clear waterPort:chongqing

gasoline water pump,water pump,pump














garden sprayer

                                 Place of Origin:Chongqing China (Mainland)Net Weight:18kgPort:chongqingPower Source:engine

Power sprayer,gasoline power sprayer,sprayer







Page:1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Next>&gt

Send a message direct to supplier(s)

To:
                        Mr.Xu

                            Chongqing Hongmei  Technology Co., Ltd.



*Message:


Enter your Message here
-Enter between 20 to 2000 characters. English only.Word count:0
                            character(s). 

                            Enter your inquiry details such as:
Self-introductionRequired specificationsInquire about price/MOQ


 









 “My Showroom”sevice is provided by weiku.com




Manufacturers - Sell - Last Products- Chemicals - Quality Products - Suppliers - Site Map

©2011 Weiku.com,License: 浙ICP备08004510号





 or select more products










Chongqing Lebang Technology Co., Ltd.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg







































  





















































































August 03, 2017 12:19 PM ET

Company Overview of Chongqing Lebang Technology Co., Ltd.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Chongqing Lebang Technology Co., Ltd.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
Chongqing Lebang Technology Co., Ltd. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Chongqing Lebang Technology Co., Ltd. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update


			\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Chongqing Lebang Technology Co., Ltd., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Chongqing Huifan Technology Co., Ltd.


















Any Questions? Call Us: +86-23-67305242



language
Englishالعربية





Chat Now




Menu 



HomeABOUT Company ProfileFactory Tour
PRODUCTS Time Attendance SeriesAccess Control SeriesDoor Lock SeriesReader and ModuleHFCCTV CameraMobile Handheld TerminalOther Products
CASESSOLUTIONS OfficeConstruction SiteResidentialEducationBankHospitalAutomobileOther
NEWS Company NewsIndustry News
CONTACT

















WHY CHOOSE US
Good faith & professional distributor are willing to choose Huifan，because we have provided  biometric product and solution 176 countries and regions, with satisfactory feedback.








Products List + Read More




Time Attendance Series
Your Good Assitant of employees Tracking Sytem!

Read More




Access Control Series
Lowest cost, higher security Door lock full System Provider!

Read More




Door Lock Series
Whatever the door materials, we all can provide the suitable lock for you!

Read More




Reader and Module
Top Government Level Fingerprint Verification project supplier!

Read More















OUR SERVICES
HuiFan Technology is dedicated to provide high quality and reliable IT products and solutions to the Middle East and Africa.



CertificationCE, FCC, RoHS, ISO.




ServiceConsiderate & efficient.




VideoEasy & vivid.




Technical SupportIn time and professsional.




FAQKnow us better.









+ Read More
Case



Time and Attendance for Payroll Service   ProvidersWe host and maintain the cloud servers (with 24×7 time clock monitoring) for you at an extremely affordable cost allowin
 

Time and Attendance for HR Solution ProvidersOur team is capable of providing end to end integrated solution with any HR and Payroll applications. 
 

Time and Attendance for IT Solution ProvidersWe believe in simple and scalable solution that can cater to individual customers by configurations as opposed to customizations. 




+Read More
News



07
07 2017


NEXT Biometrics Introduces a new generation of sensors for Power Focused Smart Card and battery driven markets

We thank our high quality team of designers, software, firmware and hardware experts which has done a impressive job developing this new sensor generation."



06
07 2017


Israels mandatory biometric ID system causes issues lineups at airports

The Population and Immigration Authority said that 107,000 passports and 65,000 identity cards were issued in June.








SERVICE

CertificationTechnical SupportFAQVideo



Products

Time Attendance SeriesAccess Control SeriesDoor Lock SeriesReader and ModuleHFCCTV CameraMobile Handheld TerminalOther Products



CONTACT US
Add: D-13, Dongli International Building, Longtousi, Yubei District, Chongqing, China.
Tel:+86-23-67305242
Phone:+86-23-67305242
Skype: tracyhuifan
E-mail:info@hfcctv.com





Copyright © Chongqing Huifan Technology Co., Ltd. 




































Chongqing Haifu Technology Co Ltd - Company Details




























Login | Vendor Registration 



Home > Companies > Chongqing Haifu Technology Co Ltd 









CLICK FOR ADVANCED SEARCH



SEARCH NOW











Company





Company Details | General Information | Quality Certifications | Executive Contacts | Product Lines

Company Details

Chongqing Haifu Technology Co Ltd1 Qingsong RoadRenhe Yubei DistrictChongqing,  401121 ChinaPhone:86 (23) 67886199                    


[Save to my library] 



How to edit your company listing



General Information


UMDC Code:
450518


Fax:
86 (23) 68610718


Email:
info@haifu.com.cn


Website:
http://www.haifu.com.cn


Manufacturer:
Yes


Distributor:
No


Importer:
No


Exporter:
Yes


Servicer:
No


Sells Directly:
Yes


Sells Through Distribution:
Yes


Sells Through Reps:
No


Reconditioner:
No


Company Type:

                        Private                    


Business Started:
1999


Business Lines:
Manufacturer/Exporter


Quality Regulations:
ISO9001_2000/ISO13485/CE_MARK


Sales Channels:
Direct/Distributors


Leases:
No


Woman Owned:
No


Minority Owned:
No


Small Business:
No


VA Contract:
No


GSA Contract:
No


Quality Certifications


ISO 9001:
No


ISO 9002:
No


ISO 9003:
No


CE Mark:
Yes


ISO 9001 2000:
Yes


EN46001:
No


EN46002:
No


ISO 13485:
Yes


Executive Contacts


Contact:
Xiang Peng


CEO Name:
Wang Zhibiao, President


Contact:
pengx@haifu.com.cn


Product Lines


Categories:

Ultrasound Therapy Systems, Tissue Ablation,  Radiofrequency/Ultrasound Therapy Systems 





Company Rating

            Be the first to rate this company! You must sign in.        


Please provide the following information and a representative of Chongqing Haifu Technology Co Ltd  will contact you to assist with any questions you might have.Email *First Name *Last Name *Organization Name *Profession*--SELECT--PhysicianNurse/Advanced Practice NursePharmacistPhysician AssistantMedical StudentOther Healthcare ProviderHealthcare Business and AdministrationHealthcare IT professionalOtherProfessional Title *Phone *Comments 




Featured Content









                                                            Featured White Papers
                                                        


The 8 Must-Haves for Your Medical Practice WebsiteIf your practice website only tells visitors about your practice, then it's not doing all it should.Websites that convert visitors to patients all use certain elements to ensure  their online success. A mix of SEO tips, good marketing strategy, and tested usability features, here's the eight must-haves for your medical practice website.Download This ResearchAutomated On-Call Scheduling: Small Step, Big GainsTackling administrative challenges in healthcare enterprises often means big resource commitments that take years to pay off. But on-call scheduling technology can reverse that equation, delivering impressive ROI from a relatively modest investment of time and money.Download This ResearchFour Easy Steps to Market Your Practice OnlineThanks to advancing technology, marketing a medical practice online doesn't have to be costly and confusing. In fact, it can be distilled down into four basic steps that anyone can take. These are: (1) Creating a viable, enhanced practice website, (2) utilizing techniques to be found by patients online, (3) engaging in social media and mobile health apps, and (4) monitoring your online reputation. We'll discuss these in this whitepaper as well as the best practices for each.
Download This Research 










Home |
                    Specialties |
                    About |
                    Terms of Service |
                    Privacy Policy


                    Copyright 2017 Medical Product Guide. All Rights Reserved  
ECRI Institute Universal Medical Device Nomenclature System (UMDNS™) Proprietary Statement




Advanced Search

                There are 3 types of search. Please only use one option at a time.
                
1) Build a boolean search string.
Ensure that document matches include...

...all of these word(s):



...and optionally include these word(s):



...but do not have these word(s):




2) Search for a phrase:

Enter your phrase:




3) Search on part of a word:

Enter the first few characters of a word:




Submit



Information on how to use Search

                    There are 2 types of basic queries: Terms and Phrases.
                    A Term is a single word search.
                    A Phrase would wrap a string of words in quotes and find matches on the extact string.
                

Boolean Operators
You can combine basic queries with Boolean operators to form a more complex query. Boolean operators define the relationships between Terms or Phrases. Our search supports the following Boolean operators: AND, "+", OR, NOT and "-". Please note that Boolean operators must be all uppercase.
                

AND
example search: default AND document
                    This is the default operator. It will be used if there is no Boolean operator between two terms. For example:
                    default document is the same as default AND document. In this case both terms need to exist within a listing to find a match on that listing.The + character is synonymous with using AND.
                

OR
example search: default OR document
                    In this case just one of the terms needs to exist within a listing to find a match on that listing.
                

NOT
example search: default NOT "document type"
                    The NOT operator excludes documents that contain the term (or phrase) after NOT. So a listing match would have to include the word default but not the phrase "document type". The - character is synonymous with using NOT.
                

Wildcard/Prefix queries
You can perform "wildcard" or "prefix" queries using the '*' operator. Whereas all of the previous search found exact matches on the whole term or phrase, a wildcard search will find partial matches.
                    example search: ehr*
                    This query will match all documents containing words beginning with the prefix 'ehr' like the word Ehrlichia.
                








	Chongqing ZhaoHong Technology Co., Ltd.
















 



QQ在线咨询：











welcome to Chongqing ZhaoHong Technology Co., Ltd. Chongqing ZhaoHong Technology Co., Ltd.is a leading power of industrial sapphire manufacurers in Asia. It specializes in high precision manufacture of super-hard materials, such as synthetic sapphire & ruby, ceramic, and industrial glass.  中文  Chinese      英文  English




HOME
ABOUT US
PRODUCTS
SERVICE
NEWS
ADVANTAGES
MESSAGE
ONLINE
CONTACT US











Chongqing ZhaoHong Technology Co., Ltd. the lead power of industrial sapphire manufacturing 

Chongqing ZhaoHong Technology Co., Ltd. is a leading power of industrial sapphire manufacturing in Asia. It specializes in high precision manufacture of super-hard materials, such as synthetic sapphire & ruby, ceramic, and industrial glass. The production is strictly controlled by ISO9001:2008 system. 

ZhaoHong Tech dedicates itself in sapphire and ruby bearings which are widely used in water meters, flowmeters, air and gas analyzers and monitors, medical OEM business, detectors and pressure cells, photodiodes and bar code readers. We are capable of manufacturing multif....    View details


News express


Ten patents of utility model h....
2014-1-9

The largest sapphire plate in ....
2013-1-16








MORE>>

Sapphire Optics

 Jewel Bearing

Special Customized Parts




正方体光学窗片长方体光学窗片圆形光学窗片Convex Jewel LensOptical Jewel Prism




Cup Jewel Bearing Sy....Cup Jewel Bearing Ru....Hole JewelPlane Olive Holed Je....Conical Bearings Syn....锥形玛瑙轴承End-Face BearingSingle-cup Convex Ol....Convex Straight Hole....Convex Olive Holed J....Single-cup Plane Str....Single-cup Plane Oli....




Jewel Rod and Cerami....Jewel Blind Hole RodCeramic Rod转子横销Jewel NozzleJewel Measuring Prob....Jewel AssemblyJewel BallJewel Blind Hole Bal....Jewel Isolation Plat....宝石刀口锥形Jewel Pivot







Home page    |    About us    |    Product display    |    Service support    |    News Express    |    Company advantages    |    Message board    |    Online customer service    |    Contact us




            	Generally the volume of sapphire/ruby products is not too big, so usually we arrange delivery via Express such as DHL, UPS, TNT, EMS, FedEx, and China Express, etc. If you have any particular requirement, please tell us. And we will try best to cooperate with you.
            






 Email：infozht@zhsapphire.com 
ADD：Chongqing Zhaohong Technology Co., Ltd. 79# Tiansheng Road   Tel：023-6828 2026  023-6828 2023












Chongqing Huifan Technology Co Ltd - China Exporter, Manufacturer | HKTDC




















































 


Admin Page |

About HKTDC
 |
Media Room
 |

Register Now
|


					Wish List
				 (0)
|
My HKTDC
|

Login


Logout










Select Your Language









Google Real-Time Translation 








Cancel

This service is provided by Google Inc. If any part of the translated version is unclear, reference should be made to the English version.




























All

|

Products/Services

|

Company Name

|

Research

|

Events

|

News

|

Multimedia







 

All Categories
Auto Parts & Accessories
Baby Products
Building Materials & Hardware
Computer & Peripherals
Consumer Electronics & Electrical Appliances
Electrical Equipment & Electronic Components
Environmental Protection Equipment & Products
Eyewear & Accessories
Food & Beverage
Footwear
Furniture & Furnishing
Garments & Clothing Accessories
Gift & Premiums
Handbags & Travel Goods
Health & Beauty
Household Products
Jewellery
Lighting Products
Machinery, Raw Materials & Scientific Equipment
Medical Supplies and Medicine
Packaging Products & Material
Pet & Pet Supplies
Photographic & Optical Equipment
Service
Sports Goods
Stationery & Office Equipment
Telecom Products
Textiles, Fabrics & Yarns
Toys & Games
Watch & Clock























			Top Search: 
		



 







 
















Quality Suppliers by Industry




 Product Suppliers

Auto Parts & Accessories
Building Materials & Hardware
Consumer Electronics & Electrical Appliances
Environmental Protection Equipment & Products
Food & Beverage
Furniture & Furnishing
Gift & Premiums
Health & Beauty
Jewellery
Machinery, Raw Materials & Scientific Equipment
Packaging Products & Material
Photographic & Optical Equipment
Stationery & Office Equipment
Textiles, Fabrics & Yarns
Watch & Clock
Small-Order Zone



 

Baby Products
Computer & Peripherals
Electrical Equipment & Electronic Components
Eyewear & Accessories
Footwear
Garments & Clothing Accessories
Handbags & Travel Goods
Household Products
Lighting Products
Medical Supplies and Medicine
Pet & Pet Supplies
Sports Goods
Telecom Products
Toys & Games
More...



Service Suppliers

Accounting Service
Advertising, Marketing & Public Relations Service
Business Management & Consultancy Service
Design Services & Brand Strategy
Education & Training
Entertainment
Environmental Protection Solution & Service
Event Organisation
Finance Service
Franchising & Licensing
Information Technology
Infrastructure & Real Estate
Legal Service
Logistics & Transport



 

Medical & Healthcare
Packaging
Printing
Publishing
Quality Inspection & Testing
Storage Service
Technology
Telecommunication
Tourism
More...








							HKTDC Events





Asian Financial Forum
Book Fair
Business of IP Asia Forum
Diamond, Gem & Pearl Show
Education & Careers Expo
Electronics Fair (Autumn Edition)
Entrepreneur Day
Fashion Week (Fall/Winter)
Film & TV Market (FILMART)
Gifts & Premium Fair
Home Textiles & Furnishings Fair
ICT Expo
Jewellery Show
Lighting Fair (Autumn Edition)
Medical Devices & Supplies Fair
Printing & Packaging Fair
SmartBiz Expo
Tea Fair 
Watch & Clock Fair




Baby Products Fair
Building and Decoration Materials & Hardware Fair
Chinese Medicine & Health Products Exhibition
Eco Expo Asia
ElectronicAsia
Electronics Fair (Spring Edition)
Fashion Week (Spring/Summer)
Food Expo
Franchising Show
Home Delights Expo
Houseware Fair
Inno Design Tech Expo
Licensing Show
Lighting Fair (Spring Edition)
Optical Fair
Stationery Fair
Toys & Games Fair
World Boutique
Wine & Spirits Fair








						HKTDC Research





							Service Highlight





About HKTDC
Product Magazines
SME Startup Program
Buyer Meetings
Customized Business Matching
Mobile Applications
Design Gallery
Supplier Services
Buyer Services
SME Centre























































































																		 Company Home







																	 Company Profile






·

Certification








																	 Products / Services






·

All (10)












































Company Information








														Office Address:
													


 
														
														
																Yanghe 3 village 5,9-8, Jiangbei District, Chongqing, China
															




 

														Postal Code:
													

														400020
													
 

														Office Hour:
													

														24 hours
													
 

														Contact Person:
													

 
													
														Ms. Joyce  Shah 
														
															

 

														Position:
													

														Manager
													
 







 
														
														
														Contact Supplier





Chat with Us:














































			Chongqing Huifan Technology Co Ltd
		

			Office Address: Yanghe 3 village 5,9-8, Jiangbei District, Chongqing, China
		

			Postal Code: 400020
		


			Contact Person: Ms. Joyce  Shah 
		

			Position: Manager
		

			Telephone:
			


			Fax:
			























Chongqing Huifan Technology Co Ltd

- China
					
					(Chongqing)
				
				

























































Chongqing HuiFan Technology is built in 2005, and we have more than 10 years experience in biometric security and time attendance management solutions. We succeed to help our clients to take part in the Nigeria president election projects, Kenya election projects and other government project bids. We also provide biometric verification solution to Venezuela medical system, Peru ATM system etc. We have strong Research and Development team to provide the best solution to our clients. Youtube link:https://youtu.be/AE1onCI_idk 

In...More
Chongqing HuiFan Technology is built in 2005, and we have more than 10 years experience in biometric security and time attendance management solutions. We succeed to help our clients to take part in the Nigeria president election projects, Kenya election projects and other government project bids. We also provide biometric verification solution to Venezuela medical system, Peru ATM system etc. We have strong Research and Development team to provide the best solution to our clients. Youtube link:https://youtu.be/AE1onCI_idk 

In recent years, we pay great attention to security products, with the core of biometric technology, development of series of new relevant products is available, such as Fingerprint Access Control, Fingerprint Time Attendance, Fingerprint Door Lock and Module, product line on basis of RFID technology and CCTV security system are also included.

We mainly provided time attendance system, access control devices,door lock, reader and module, handheld terminal, CCTV camera and guard patrol systems, including fingerprint recognition, face recognition, iris verification and RFID card recognition.

The branch office located in shenzhen city to welcome all clients to test and negotiate business. We offer best after sale service, online support to all our clients. We treat our clients like friend and long term partner. Our mission is long term and win-win cooperation.

We hold a high efficiency team, professional R&D stuff, logistics and sales department. We provided high quality products and considerable service with quickly reply. Complete and efficient product development system had been established in product appearance design, optical design, industrial design, mold design and manufacture as well as surface treatment process. Huifan Technology won a good reputation in our customer.

Company Mission
Provide high & fine technology products and service to global clients at best performance-price ratio and make magnificent contribution to the mankind.

Company Vision
Develop to become a world class and world famous enterprise. Create value for clients, staff, shareholders and the society.

Core Value
• Respect the honor of enterprise and individual
• Respect and develop the value of team and individual
• Unceasingly pursue higher goals
• Win the respect and trust from global clients

Management Principle
• Strengthen process management
• Manufacture products of superior quality
• Focus on continuous improvement
• Meet the clients demand

Quality Policy
• 100% satisfying quality products;
• 100% satisfying time of delivery;
• 100% satisfying services

 Less





















Product/Service Highlights














 














 



  Fingerprint Reader
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Fingerprint Scanner
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Attendance Recorder
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Fingerprint Reader
															 





Contact Supplier











 











Other Products/Services














 















 



  Fingerprint Access...
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Handheld Barcode Scanner
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Smart Home Easy...
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Tablet
															 





Contact Supplier






















 



  Biometric Secure Smart...
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Attendance Recorder
															 





Contact Supplier












 








All Products/Services






Company Profile
















Year of Establishment:



2005








Number of Staff:



201-500








Nature of Business:


Exporter
											Manufacturer
											
										








Industry:



Electronics & Electrical Appliances
												
											
												
												Stationery & Office Equipment









Product/Service Range:




											
										
											Our product line includes: 
Fingerprint reader and module
Fingerprint Handheld terminal
Facial Recognition Terminal 
Fingerprint Time Recorder              
Fingerprint Access Control
USB Fingerprint Reader                 
Fingerprint Module 
Fingerprint Lock                              
Fingerprint Case & Bag
RFID Card Reader                          
Video Door Phone
											
										









Annual Turnover:




US$ 500,000 - 999,999










Major Market(s):




• Africa

• Australasia

• Central & South America

• Eastern Europe

• Hong Kong

• Japan

• Korea

• Middle East

• North America

• Other Asian Countries

• Worldwide












OEM Capability:




											
											    Yes
											    
											
										








ODM Capability:




											
											    Yes
											    
											








Brand Name:



HFsecurity 
























Company Location




















Contact Information







Company:


 
								
		                  			Chongqing Huifan Technology Co Ltd
		                  		
									




Contact Person:


 
								
		                			Ms. Joyce  Shah 
		                		
									



Position:
Manager


Office Address:

						
						
		                	Yanghe 3 village 5,9-8, Jiangbei District, Chongqing, China
		                
		                	
			                	




Country/Region:

Chongqing Shi, Chongqing, China







Telephone:



Fax:



Website:


								www.hktdc.com/em/chongginghuifan															 				
								     
							
					
							
								
									
									
										www.hfteco.com 
									
								
							

							






    					    More














Contact Supplier





























Contact this Supplier













Contact this Supplier









Email your message



Please enter your message














Contact this Supplier









Email your message

Add More Details






I would like to know more about your company and your products.
I would like to know more about your company and your products.










Submit



























































 






         Font


Print this page



Email this page




﻿ Newsletter



﻿ RSS Feeds
												



Mobile Device






														﻿ Manage your HKTDC e-subscription
												





﻿ Suppliers
											














 Regional Websites:


































 






hktdc.com Home | About HKTDC
 | Contact HKTDC
 | 
										
									Advertise with HKTDC | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Privacy Statement
 | 
Hyperlink Policy
 | 
Site Map
 | 
京ICP备09059244号





Browse by:  
		China Suppliers |  
		Hong Kong Suppliers |
		Asian Suppliers |
		Products








 


Copyright © 2000-2017
									  Hong Kong Trade Development Council. All rights reserved.


 



 






















































www.hktdc.com


Copyright © 2000-
2017
Hong Kong Trade Development Council. All rights reserved.


Reproduction in whole or in part without HKTDC's permission is prohibited. 
































Generator Timer GM50H, View Timer, Mebay Product Details from Chongqing Boce Technology Co., Ltd. on Alibaba.com















































Alibaba.com





                            Sourcing Solutions
                            




                            Services & Membership
                            




                            Help & Community
                            

























































9
YRS


Chongqing Boce Technology Co., Ltd.




Trade Assurance



China (Mainland)
|
Manufacturer, Trading Company


Transaction Level:








Supplier Assessments:








35 Transactions
                            


10,000+


                                The supplier’s transactions conduted via Alibaba.com in the past 6 months.
                            






Response Time



 <24h





Response Rate



 86.7%









Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $338,000Learn More

























Add to My Favorites




































9
YR







The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $338,000Learn More











How do I set this?









Home


Product Categories


Company Profile

Company Overview
Industrial Certification
Company Capability
Business Performance



wholesale


Contacts








How do I set this?








Home
> Product Categories
> Digital Meter / Gauge







How do I set this?


























View larger image
        




















































Share to:







 


Add to My Cart






Add to My Favorites



		Added to My Favorites












Generator Timer GM50H                        



 Transactions


FOB Price:


US $30 - 40  / Piece                                                                    
|
Get Latest
                                        Price



Min.Order Quantity:
1 Piece/Pieces Generator Timer BC-GM50H


Supply Ability:
1000 Piece/Pieces per   Month Generator Timer BC-GM50H


Port:
Chongqing


Payment Terms:
L/C,T/T,Western Union,MoneyGram










                            Contact Supplier
                        



Loading...
                        



Start Order


Place orders online to get full protection. close 

















You May Like

















How do I set this?

















Product Detail

Transaction History



Report Suspicious Activity





Quick Details


Place of Origin:
Chongqing, China (Mainland)


Brand Name:
Mebay


Model Number:
GM50H


power supply::
AC165-275V


Consuming Power::
MAX3W


Color::
black


Certifications::
ISO9001


Size(W * H * D)::
100mm*100mm*77mm


Installation Size (W * H)::
91mm * 91mm


Weight::
200G


Operation Temperature Range::
-20℃ ~ 65℃


Display::
RPM, Oil Pressure, battery voltage, water temperature, hours


Storage Temperature::
-40℃ ~ 85℃




Packaging & Delivery


Packaging Details:
Carton Box


Delivery Detail:
within 3-7days






Product DescriptionSpecificationsGM50H is one light and low price-orientated module used for checking and demonstrating RPM, Oil Pressure, battery voltage, water temperature and running hours of generator. This module can replace old meters, for it can be one with multi functions. It uses normal terminal for connection which is more convenient for installation.1. Power Supply: AC165-275V;2. Power Consumption:MAX: MAX3W3.  Size: 100mm*100mm*77mm4.  Panel cut-out:91mm * 91mm5.  Degree of Protection:IP54(Front Panel)6. Operation Temperature : -20~65℃7.  Storage Condition:-40℃ ~ 85℃8. Weight:200gOther seriesOur CompanyChongqing Boce Technology Co., Ltd, located in Chongqing's new high-tech industrial development zone, is specialized in Genset Spare Parts: --Generator Controller Replacement; -Speed controller, Actuator, as well as Mechnical parts; --Digital Generator Meters used for different kinds of Engines; --MPU, Oil pressure sensor, Temperature sensor,Gauges and so on; --Battery Chargers: BCC6A,BCC10A,BCC12A with updated functions; --Different kinds of Solenoids; --Gasoline Spare parts We have been dedicated to promoting generator set's automatic control since our company is established. Generator's modification and best automatic control products as well as OEM and ODM services are offered for lots of generator users. our aim is "professional technology, superior serviceWorkshopsPayment & DeliveryShipping Policy Delivery Time:USA, Canada ,Australia, West and North Europe 4-7 Business Days, Other country 5-8 Business DaysShipping address:Please, make sure to provide us with correct, precise, and detailed shipping Address.Send Time:Items will be shipped within 1 to 3 business days upon payment received or cleared.Return Policy We appreciate your business and offer an instant 7 days return policy.( 7 days after receive the item). The returned item has to be in its original condition. We are able to refund your money without shipping cost.Our ServiceWhy Choose Us？1.Gold Supplier on Alibaba for 8 Years → Reliable Supplier with Good Reputation2.Factory Direct Sale → Competitive Price & Full Stock3.Quality Control → High Quality4.Low MOQ → Accept Small Order5.Accept OEM → Produce Products as Customers' Requirements6.Fast Delivery → Delivery within 3 Working Days7.Various Payment Methods → Easy to Pay8.Changing or Refunding → Accept ReturnsWhat We can Offer: 1. OEM Manufacturing welcome: Product, Package... 2. Sample order 3. We will reply you for your inquiry in 24 hours.4. after sending, we will track the products for you once every two days, until you get the products. When you got the goods, test them, and give me a feedback.If you have any questions about the problem, contact with us, we will offer the solve way for you.Contact Information 







Transaction History of the Supplier

Below is the information about the supplier's transactions conducted via Alibaba.com. If you require further details regarding the transaction data, please contact the supplier directly.



            Transaction Overview
            




Transactions




Export Markets




No. of Transactions


Transaction Value













Transaction Details




This supplier has completedtransactions with buyers from .



Shipping Destination
Transaction Value

Transaction Date



















How do I set this?








Email to this supplier







How do I set this?







Related Keywords

timer
hour meter
hour gauge







How do I set this?












Trade Assurance





9
YRS


Chongqing Boce Technology Co., Ltd.




China (Mainland)
|
Manufacturer, Trading Company


Transaction Level:








Supplier Assessments:








35 Transactions
                            


10,000+


                                The supplier’s transactions conduted via Alibaba.com in the past 6 months.
                            






Response Time



<24h





Response Rate



86.7%









Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $338,000Learn More








How do I set this?















How do I set this?







Product Showcase






How do I set this?





  



































How do I set this?






  





 






 





















