
Company Profile for Creative Realities Inc



























































X



Edition:

India


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Creative Realities Inc (CREX.PK)





Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    










				CREX.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.43USD
--





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$0.43


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

28,496




52-wk High

$0.45


52-wk Low

$0.10












					Full Description



Creative Realities, Inc., incorporated on March 23, 2000, is a marketing technology company. The Company provides shopper marketing and digital marketing technology and solutions to retail companies, individual retail brands, enterprises and organizations throughout the United States and in certain international markets. The Company operates through marketing technology solutions segment. The Company specializes in a range of existing and emerging shopper and digital marketing technologies, as well as the related media management and distribution software platforms and networks, device management, product management, customized software service layers, systems, experiences, workflows and integrated solutions. Its technology and solutions include digital merchandising systems and omni-channel customer engagement systems, interactive digital shopping assistants, advisors and kiosks, and other interactive marketing technologies, such as mobile, social media, point-of-sale transactions, beaconing and Web-based media that enables its customers to transform how they engage with consumers.The Company also specializes in various aspects of its business, including content, network management, and connected device software and firmware platforms; customized software service layers; hardware platforms; digital media workflows, and processes and automation tools. The Company's operations are conducted directly through Creative Realities, Inc., and under its subsidiaries Creative Realities, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Wireless Ronin Technologies Canada, Inc., and ConeXus World Global, LLC, (excluding the Belgian entity), a Kentucky limited liability company. Its digital marketing technology solutions have application in a range of industries, including hospitality, branded retail, automotive, food service and retail healthcare. The Company sells its products and services primarily throughout North America.The Company competes with Stratacache, Four Winds Interactive, ComQi, Sapient Nitro and Convergent.

» Full Overview of CREX.PK







					Company Address



Creative Realities Inc
13100 Magisterial Dr Ste 100LOUISVILLE   KY   40223-5185
P: +1502.7918800







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Alec Machiels

--




							 Richard Mills

--




							 John Walpuck

507,487




							 David Bell

--




							 Eric Bertrand

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Creative Realities Inc News




BRIEF-Creative Realities Q1 revenue $6.4 million

16 May 2017 

» More CREX.PK  News
















Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesTechnologyIT Services & Consulting










































 



 Creative Realities and Wireless Ronin Technologies Announce Closing of Merger 
         










    










 






 











 









Creative Realities and Wireless Ronin Technologies Announce Closing of Merger

		  Merged entity to operate as Creative Realities; company now offers global retailers and brands the most innovative marketing technology solutions and services in the industry
		

Aug 21, 2014, 10:20 ET
		  		  						
						 from   Creative Realities, LLC 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK and MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 21, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Creative Realities, LLC ("Creative Realities") and Wireless Ronin Technologies, Inc. (OTCQB: RNIN) ("Wireless Ronin") today announced the successful completion of their merger, resulting in one of the largest and most innovative marketing technology solutions companies in the world.  
Under the terms of the agreement and as previously announced, Creative Realities merged into a subsidiary of Wireless Ronin, with the sole equity holder of Creative Realities (an affiliate of Pegasus Capital Advisors), receiving approximately 59.2% of the outstanding shares of Wireless Ronin common stock, calculated on a modified fully-diluted basis, including the shares of common stock issued in connection with Wireless Ronin's merger with Broadcast International, Inc. that closed on August 1, 2014. In the transaction, Creative Realities' sole equity holder also received warrants to acquire an additional 1.5% of Wireless Ronin's common stock.  The combined companies are now operating under the Creative Realities brand name and will trade on the OTCQB under the ticker symbol RNIN.
Paul Price, previously Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") of Creative Realities has been named CEO of the combined company and will also serve as a director.  Scott Koller, previously CEO of Wireless Ronin has been named President of the combined company, and John Walpuck, previously Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") of Wireless Ronin has been named Chief Operating Officer and CFO of the combined company.  The combined company will be headquartered in New York, NY with operational facilities in Fairfield, NJ, Minneapolis, MN, Salt Lake City, UT, and Windsor, Ontario.  
Commenting on the merger, Paul Price stated, "We are very excited to have completed this merger and look forward to providing our customers, whether retailers, venue operators or brands, with the latest technologies to create better shopping experiences.  Collectively, with Wireless Ronin's cloud-based content management platform, Broadcast International's award-winning Managed Media Services platform and Creative Realities' full service approach, we now offer customers a one-stop, single source solution.  We truly believe that through the combination of our resources which include the latest innovations in software, display, sensor and mobile technologies, we are better positioned to deliver the most effective marketing technology programs to help improve the in-store engagement of customers, increase customer loyalty and drive increased sales."
Since its inception, Creative Realities has partnered with some of the world's most recognized retailers, venues and brands.  Creative Realities provides a host of marketing technology solutions across multiple verticals, including beauty, fashion, consumer packaged goods, digital place-based media networks, electronics, eyewear, financial services, health and wellness, and hospitality.  Through the combination of the three companies, Creative Realities counts among its customers Adidas, Adspace, Aramark, Calvin Klein, Caterpillar, Chrysler, KFC, Macy's, Nestle, Rite Aid, Sunglass Hut, and many more.  
Price continued, "We see significant growth opportunities for our company both near- and long-term, and with both existing and new global customers.  Companies no longer need to work with multiple vendors as we can provide them with a full-service offering that begins in the planning and design stage and runs all the way through in-store implementation.  Furthermore, we have the tools and wherewithal to help retailers and brands effectively manage their programs upon roll-out, while quickly adapting to consumer preferences and any changes in their strategies.  The seniority of our management team and their collective experiences across marketing categories and technologies represent a truly unique combination of talents to help retailers and brands leverage marketing technology."
In conjunction with the closing of the merger, the combined company is providing limited guidance for the financial performance of the combined company. The combined company expects combined 2014 revenue to be in a range of $23-26 million, and Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA), a non-GAAP measure, to be approximately breakeven for the full calendar year 2014.  The company does not, however, intend to provide ongoing guidance on the company's future financial performance.
Additionally, the company disclosed today that the Board of Directors will comprise five members.  In this regard, Alec Machiels, Partner with Pegasus Capital Advisors will serve as chairman of the board and he will be joined by Paul Price, David Bell, Kent Lillemoe and Don Harris. Below are summary biographies of these persons.

Alec Machiels is a Partner at Pegasus. Mr. Machiels is a member of the firm's Executive and Investment Committees. He has over 15 years of private equity investing and investment banking experience. Previously, Mr. Machiels was a Financial Analyst in the Financial Services Group at Goldman Sachs International in London and in the Private Equity Group at Goldman Sachs and Co. in New York. Investments in which he has been highly involved in include Pure Biofuels, Molycorp Minerals, Traxys, Slipstream Communications, Coffeyville Resources, and Merisant Company. He also served as a member of the Board of Trustees of the American Federation of Arts where he chaired the endowment committee. Mr. Machiels is a graduate of Harvard Business School, KU Leuven Law School in Belgium and Konstanz University in Germany.
 

Paul Price is Chief Executive Officer of Creative Realities. Leading its innovative combination of experience planning, design, deployment and support services, he has rapidly evolved Creative Realities from a digital signage company into an integrated creative technology firm, focused on bridging the virtual and physical worlds.  Paul's marketing career spans 25 years, consulting to leading marketers such as ExxonMobil, Coca-Cola, Macy's and Pfizer. He has led multiple marketing services companies across direct marketing, digital, brand identity and advertising disciplines, as well as cross-functional combinations for large global clients at Omnicom.  Paul's success is marked by a collaborative management style that encourages innovative, consumer-centric approaches to the marketing challenge of the 21st century, particularly the impact of new marketing technology. His extensive career as a marketing and brand advisor spans almost every category, from retail to packaged goods, technology to services and healthcare.  Paul has garnered numerous industry honors and awards — most recently, he was chosen as a 2011 Global Innovator by The Internationalist and named in the 2009 Advertising Age A-List. His thought leadership in marketing technology has led to a number of speaking engagements in the US and worldwide.  
 

David Bell brings over 40 years of advertising and marketing industry experience to the board, including serving as CEO of three of the largest companies in the industry–Bozell Worldwide, True North Communications and The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. Since 2007, Mr. Bell has led Slipstream Communications, which is an international company providing strategic branding, digital marketing, and public relations services and served as a Senior Advisor to Google Inc. from 2006 to 2009. He is currently a Senior Advisor to AOL and has been an Operating Advisor at Pegasus Capital Advisors since 2004. Mr. Bell currently holds positions on early-stage company boards including Double Verify, Your Tango, Resonate Networks, Appinions, and Dstillery. He has also served on the boards of multiple publicly-traded companies, including President and CEO of The Interpublic Group of Companies Inc. from 2003 to 2005 and Director of Primedia Inc. from 2001 to 2010.
 

Kent Lillemoe, an independent financial consultant, brings over 30 years of finance and financial management expertise with both public and private companies such as MinuteClinic, Envoy Medical Corporation, Fargo Electronics, Avanti Optics Corporation, and CyberOptics Corporation. Mr. Lillemoe served as Chief Financial Officer of MinuteClinic, resulting in a sale of the company to CVS/Caremark. Mr. Lillemoe also served as a member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit Committee of Fargo Electronics until its sale in 2006. Additionally, Mr. Lillemoe has served on the Board of Directors of Wireless Ronin since 2011.
 

Donald A. Harris has been an Independent Director of Broadcast International, Inc. since June of 2012. He is currently President of 1162 Management, the General Partner of 5 Star Partnership, a private equity firm, a position he's held since June 2006. Mr. Harris was President and Chief Executive Officer of UbiquiTel Inc., a telecommunications company organized by Mr. Harris and other investors since its inception in September 1999.  He also served as UbiquiTel's Chairman since May 2000. Mr. Harris served as the President of Comcast Cellular Communications Inc. from March 1992 to March 1997.
 
In connection with the merger, the combined company sold $5.19 million of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to institutional and accredited investors, including an additional investment from an affiliate of Pegasus Capital Advisors.  The preferred stock entitles its holders to a 6% dividend, payable semi-annually in cash or in kind, and may be converted into common stock at the option of a holder at an initial conversion price of $0.40 per share.  Subject to certain conditions, the company may call and redeem the preferred shares after three years.  During such time as a majority of the preferred stock sold remains outstanding, holders will have the right to elect a member to the Board of Directors.  Purchasers of the preferred stock also received five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 6.49 million shares of common stock at a per-share price of $0.50.  The securities offered were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.
About Creative Realities
Creative Realities (www.cri.com) helps retailers and brands use the latest technologies to improve the shopping experience.  Founded 16 years ago, the firm's evolving client base has led to recognized leadership in marketing technology, consulting, design, and deployment.  The firm has worked with brands such as Footlocker, Bank of America, Calvin Klein, Macy's, Sunglass Hut, Under Armour and 7-Eleven, among other Global Fortune 500 companies, to design, build and manage marketing technology-based experiences that drive business results. 
Forward-Looking Statements
This release contains certain forward-looking statements of expected future developments, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect managements' present expectations and estimates regarding the expected benefits of the merger, management plans relating to the merger, operating efficiencies expected to result from the merger, increased revenue opportunities, potential new markets, cost savings and the ability of the combined company to effectively compete in a highly competitive market. Nevertheless, and despite the fact that management's expectations and estimates are based on assumptions management believes to be reasonable and data management believes to be reliable actual results from the potential transaction are subject to future risks and uncertainties, any of which could materially affect actual performance. Risks and uncertainties that could affect such performance include, but are not limited to, the following: the adequacy of funds for future operations; estimates of future expenses, revenue and profitability; the pace at which the combined company completes installations and recognizes revenue; trends affecting financial condition and results of operations; ability to convert proposals into customer orders; the ability of customers to pay for products and services; the revenue recognition impact of changing customer requirements; customer cancellations; the availability and terms of additional capital; ability to develop new products; dependence on key suppliers, manufacturers and strategic partners; industry trends and the competitive environment; the impact of the combined company's financial condition upon customer and prospective customer relationships, the impact of losing one or more senior executives or failing to attract additional key personnel; and operating costs, customer loss and business disruption may be greater than expected following the merger. These and other risk factors are discussed in Wireless Ronin's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC.  



Company Contact:  


Media Contact:



Glenn Wiener


Jay Morakis



GW Communications


GW Communications



Tel: 212-786-6011


Tel: 212-266-0191



Email: gwiener@GWCco.com 


Email: jmorakis@GWCco.com

 SOURCE  Creative Realities, LLC  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.cri.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Sep 29, 2014, 08:30 ET
Preview: Creative Realities' CEO, Paul Price, to Address Attendees at the NextPoint 2014 Conference






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 





Unleashing the power of innovation in YOU!













































Call Us: 617.973.5060








Catalysts for Collaborative Innovation



















About Us
Our Work
Our People

Sardel Ardila
Karla Cid
David Culton
Meg Escobosa
Sarah Feloney
Cris Goldsmith
Gayle Jay
Danielle Kaynor
Lisa Parker
Mark Sebell
Julia Shanks
Jay Terwilliger
Tamara Wickramasinghe

Our Toolkit
Collaborators
Innovation Perspectives
Blog
Contact Us












































It's our job to unleash the innovator in YOU!
We are Catalysts of Collaborative Innovation.  We are here to help you be successful innovators... to Learn and to Think in new, more powerful ways -- while you DO (make it real)!  We define Business Innovation as the process of envisioning, creating, and successfully implementing new ways of doing anything that generates value for an enterprise and its customers.  It's not just about new products and services.  
A few of our recent and current clients from the over 50 clients we have helped since 1988

















 

 

 

 























Featured Work
(Click on to View)
Brand Re-Vitalization
Breakthrough Products
New Platforms
New Business Models
New Business Ventures
Patented Solutions
Product Reinvention
Turning Imagination into Reality
 
 


























"CRI's ability to add value to the whole innovation process, from strategy to implementation, is second to none." -- Alfredo "Freddy" Piedra -- former President Bacardi Innovations and Bacardi Global Brands 




























Contact Us
©2014-2015, Creative Realities®, Inc.8 Faneuil Hall Marketplace, Boston, MA 02109Phone: 617-973-5060





















































Creative Realities Inc (CREX.PK)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Creative Realities Inc (CREX.PK)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				CREX.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.41USD
11:24am EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.02


					            (-4.65%)
					        






Prev Close

$0.43


Open

$0.40




Day's High

$0.41


Day's Low

$0.38




Volume

14,339


Avg. Vol

28,376




52-wk High

$0.45


52-wk Low

$0.10












					Full Description



Creative Realities, Inc., incorporated on March 23, 2000, is a marketing technology company. The Company provides shopper marketing and digital marketing technology and solutions to retail companies, individual retail brands, enterprises and organizations throughout the United States and in certain international markets. The Company operates through marketing technology solutions segment. The Company specializes in a range of existing and emerging shopper and digital marketing technologies, as well as the related media management and distribution software platforms and networks, device management, product management, customized software service layers, systems, experiences, workflows and integrated solutions. Its technology and solutions include digital merchandising systems and omni-channel customer engagement systems, interactive digital shopping assistants, advisors and kiosks, and other interactive marketing technologies, such as mobile, social media, point-of-sale transactions, beaconing and Web-based media that enables its customers to transform how they engage with consumers.The Company also specializes in various aspects of its business, including content, network management, and connected device software and firmware platforms; customized software service layers; hardware platforms; digital media workflows, and processes and automation tools. The Company's operations are conducted directly through Creative Realities, Inc., and under its subsidiaries Creative Realities, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Wireless Ronin Technologies Canada, Inc., and ConeXus World Global, LLC, (excluding the Belgian entity), a Kentucky limited liability company. Its digital marketing technology solutions have application in a range of industries, including hospitality, branded retail, automotive, food service and retail healthcare. The Company sells its products and services primarily throughout North America.The Company competes with Stratacache, Four Winds Interactive, ComQi, Sapient Nitro and Convergent.

» Full Overview of CREX.PK







					Company Address



Creative Realities Inc
13100 Magisterial Dr Ste 100LOUISVILLE   KY   40223-5185
P: +1502.7918800







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Alec Machiels

--




							 Richard Mills

--




							 John Walpuck

507,487




							 David Bell

--




							 Eric Bertrand

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Creative Realities Inc News




BRIEF-Creative Realities Q1 revenue $6.4 million

May 15 2017 

» More CREX.PK  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyIT Services & Consulting






















Creative Realities













































































		Your browser does not support the video tag.
	
X




		Your browser does not support the video tag.
	
X











We help Clients use the latest technologiesto inspire better brand and retail experiences






















Our Work:
Retail Experiences that are Intelligent. Responsive. Aware.





Connected ShopL'Occitane en Provence


Alfa Romeo


Turnberry Properties | Aventura Mall


Calvin Klein


Chrysler



Revlon Digital Wall


Transforming TransitExperiences


Duty Free / Airport


Ryder TrucksRental Shops








Connected Shop L'Occitane en Provence
Experience Table awakens when Guest sits down to browse. Gift Creator helps customers design a personalized gift, which is wrapped and presented to a Guest by Concierge. Beauty Advisor app notifies the Sales Associate when a customer makes a request.

							View the full story and demo:    Beauty Fitting Experience Gift Creator Experience









Alfa Romeo
Connected Showroom
Connected digital Showroom dazzles prospects with large scale dramatic content. Interactive touch screen presents the engineering and performance-based attributes of Alfa Romeo.
Connected Showroom tablets and mobile devices deliver a personalized experience and provides Dealers with guided sales tools.









Turnberry Properties | Aventura Mall
						We brought the aspiration and luxury of Mall to life through immersive digital experiences featuring artist video, original content and brand advertising -- via architecturally-integrated technologically advanced LED installations.








Calvin Klein
Shop-in-ShopEnvironments
Interactive Fit Guide make finding the perfect denim fit possible - without having to search through conventional merchandising displays. Virtual Mannequins bring new collections, seasonal must-haves, and curated looks to shoppers’ attention. Virtual Style Finder and video wall allows shoppers to shop by featured look, and inspires new outfit combinations.








Chrysler
iShowroom Platform
iShowroom differentiates the Chrysler in-dealership sales process and addresses the demanding needs of today’s highly informed and sophisticated automotive shopper.
iShowroom is an omni-channel marketing technologies solution that places sales closing information where it is most needed within the sales process. A single content management system deploys content to a touch screen kiosk, a desktop web browser as well as tablet and smartphone mobile devices.










Revlon Digital Wall
Awaken the wall with Digital Merchandising in the Pharmacy Channel. LCD displays dynamic, curated content bringing drama to the Aisle; interactive look educates and inspires shoppers to cross purchase - building basket - and loyalty.







Digital Out of Home that is stunning and perfectly engineered to local landscape






Transforming TransitExperiences
Plan and install complex digital and analog installations to drive the desirability of Transit as a premium Advertising channel within the Out of Home media spectrum. 









Duty Free / Airport
Transforming the Airport experience with custom form factors that are as beautiful to look at as the content that it carries.
Dynamic digital video creates impact that is as alluring as it is behavior-driving; Travelers are instantly inspired through a curated assortment of featured Beauty, Luxury, Fashion and Spirits that make shopping too good to refuse.






Network Support Services that keep up time, well – up, and installations expertly maintained






Ryder Trucks Rental Shops
Dynamic digital boards that combine Story Telling and Vehicle Training.  Renters can now understand the full line of vehicles; get up to speed quickly and easily and remain current with up to the minute News, Sports, Traffic and Weather - while they wait!










L'Occitane en Provence


Alfa Romeo


Turnberry Properties | Aventura Mall


Calvin Klein


Chrysler



Revlon Digital Wall


Transforming Transit Experiences


Duty Free / Airport


Ryder Trucks Rental Shops





About Us
Leadership








Rick Mills 
CEO


Richard Mills has more than 25 years of leadership experience guiding top-tier technology companies. An accomplished corporate strategist and turnaround executive, his vision and expertise in business performance have driven notable enterprise growth in the technology, service, and telecommunications sectors. His achievements have been featured in Inc. magazine as well as other media.
As CEO, Rick’s focus is helping global clients improve the strategic implementation of technology solutions in all regions of the world while redefining what it takes to successfully operate a client centric culture.
He also served on the Board of Directors Pomeroy, G.O Ministries, Sarcom, and other business entities.  Richard is active in many civic organizations in Louisville, KY, where he resides with his business partner and wife and extended family.






John Walpuck 
CFO


John brings many years of diverse financial, general management, and tech sector experience to the newly consolidated company, serving as an executive officer for 20 years in public and private companies.  He has a proven track record of leading multiple nano-cap and micro-cap companies through: early stage turnaround and growth phases; acquisition integration, operational and balance sheet restructuring; closing multiple acquisitions and financings, and; all facets of SEC reporting.
His broad range of experience, no-nonsense street smarts, and work ethic have earned the confidence of our largest Investors and respect from our Clients alike. John has earned MBA, CPA, CMA and other professional certifications, added to his no-nonsense street smarts make John the force to be reckoned with.
John’s axiom is Trust everyone, but cut the cards.








Alan Buterbaugh
SVP Client Solutions Director


Alan has accrued 25+ years consulting Fortune Brands leading dynamic cross-functional teams through the design and delivery of in-store marketing technology solutions. From developing and executing point-of-sale campaigns, interactive training programs, product information systems and market research to delivering superior activation programs in the Automotive Category, Alan puts his extensive knowledge to use to lead Clients engagements across the Automotive, QSR / Food Service and other Retail Categories.
Alan is well versed in custom app development and has charted the latest version of our Custom CMS Software and for that, and so much more – Clients defer to him for how to get content from one place to another – on time, on strategy, and on budget. 
Alan enjoys playing the trumpet in a show band, exploring his audio engineering skills and spending time with family.






Troy Walls
VP Operations


Troy Walls, Vice President of Operations, is focused on managing a highly experienced team of design and field engineers, project managers as well as best-in-class NOC and service teams, providing the client a level of service that is truly world class.
Troy has more than 20 years of management experience with over 15 years in the communication and technology sectors. He has a wide array of experience in customer service, managed services, entertainment, and manufacturing environments around the world, including technical engineering and systems integration. He has managed teams in the U.S. as well as Europe and Asia, and remains laser focused on continual renewal of process and enablers of bringing high impact, complex experiences for the end user in way that’s frictionless and quiet for the Client. 
In his spare time Troy enjoys spending time with his twin daughters and their new miniature schnauzer puppy.






Jerry Reese
VP Sales


Jerry is a seasoned business leader with more than 20 years of experience developing and leading multi-million dollar client engagements in digital signage and enterprise communication technologies.  
 						

						He brings an extensive track record of success in business development, large account strategy and leading high performance teams across the Retail, Automotive, Financial Services and Government sectors with clients such as Wells Fargo, The Kroger Co., Citizens Bank, and Signet Jewelers.
						








Beth Warren 
SVP Experience Planning + Design


Beth leads the marketing technology planning process and skillfully adept at technology ecosystems and environments designed around the human experience. Her consultative nature, insight on the shopper, design aesthetic – she knows exactly how to inspire the journey from home, through life and at the store. And takes clients on a digital journey that sparkles and shimmers with storytelling, imagination, and discovery – all with the ambition of making the cash register ring.
Beth built her profession on Madison Avenue, at Agencies such as DDB and Y&R, leading multi-national Brands through the integrated marketing campaigns and driving best practices in shopper marketing across multiple categories – CPG, Beauty, Personal Care, Fashion, Luxury, and Pharma.
Her current obsessions include Soul Cycle, Art Galleries, Retail Safaris, and her two young nieces. 






Paul Kline 
VP Business Development


Paul brings incredible depth with over 25 years of experience in the sales and marketing of Digital Signage and components, and is our resident expert both LCD and LED technologies.
He has designed and implemented major projects at JFK Airport, NY Penn Station and Herald Square.  As an early innovator of LCD enhancements Paul has been able to supply custom digital solutions to Airports and transit application across the US, as well as for the high-end specialty retail sector.
Paul is committed to remaining on the leading edge of technology, and as a prominent industry leader, has served as Chairman of the Society for Information Displays [North East] for three consecutive years.
An avid runner, Paul has competed in the NYC Marathon, Boston, and LI Marathons on multiple occasions.  He is a born and bred New Yorker and a fan of Broadway, and fast cars.










Together, We’re Better Than Ever.

We offer fully integratedend-to-end digital solutions.
We design and develop technology experiences aligned to needs of the shopper; thoughtfully architected and beautifully expressed, crafted to shift behavior at any point along the journey.
Form meets function with fluid, seamless engineering and systems integration, and quality white-glove installation deployed to the highest standards, expertly maintained throughout its life span.








Our Enterprise Partners

Today we offer and support many CMS systems including our own proprietary software, Bright Sign, Broad Sign, AOPEN with Google, Cenario, FourWinds – whatever is best for the project, client, and budget



AuthorizedReseller Status


NEC, Silver Level
Samsung, Silver Level
Microsoft, Silver Level
Peerless, high volume status
Taggalo, installation partner 





Manufacturer Certifications



CTS — General 
						A Certified Technology Specialist (CTS) performs general technology solution tasks by creating, operating, and servicing AV solutions as well as conducting AV management activities that provide for the best audio visual resolutions of the client's needs, both on time and within budget.
						


CTS-D — AV System Design Specialization 
						A Certified Technology Specialist — Design (CTS-D) is an AV systems designer who assesses client's needs, designs AV systems, prepares AV design documents, and coordinates and collaborates with other professionals to create AV systems that satisfy clients’ requirements.
						


CTS-I — AV System Installation Specialization
						A Certified Technology Specialist — Installation (CTS-I) installs and maintains audiovisual systems by following specifications, schematics, codes, and safety protocols; administering installation process logistics; troubleshooting and problem-solving systems; maintaining tools and equipment; and communicating with clients, designers, other trades, installers, and staff to provide the best audiovisual solutions for client needs, on time and within budget.
						










Services




Define
Our consulting process defines a plan for where, when, and which shopper and consumer behaviors technology is best suited to engage.





Design
Human centered, on brand experiences from concept to installation, putting shoppers at the center of technology.





Develop
Software and systems that create a seamless user interface and experience across multiple devices and platforms.





Content Management Products and Delivery
We design, curate, traffic, and deliver any form of content via best in class CMS software solutions, tailored to the schedule requirements for a single or multi-site network.





Engineering
Complete systems engineering from blueprints to on-site programming and ongoing systems management.





Installation
Since our inception, we’ve successfully installed over 100,000 retail and out of home experiences – at the highest possible completion and up time rates.





Customer Service
We host, monitor and provide technical support to thousands of unique deployments each and every day, via our Network Operation Center and Technical Services Team.





Talent
A unique team of professionals with extensive experience planning, designing, building and managing retail shopping experiences and digital out of home networks, worldwide.






Categories and Clients

Select categories to view clients or
Open AllClose All




Athletics

Asics
Adidas
Lululemon
Under Armour



Automotive

Alfa Romeo
FIAT Chrysler Automotive
Ford Motor Company
Mercedes-Benz
Polaris
Ryder Trucks



Beauty

COTY — Sally Hansen
Estee Lauder Lab Series
Lancome
Maybelline
Revlon



Cable & Telecommunications

AT&T
Cincinnati Bell
T-Mobile
Time Warner



Children’s

Kohl’s Baby
Stride Rite



CPG

Coca-Cola
Colgate Oral Care
Illy Caffe
Johnson & Johnson
Kraft Foods
Lancôme
Nestle Waters Home Delivery
Pepsi
Pernod-Ricard USA



Digital Media Networks

Access 360 Media
Adspace
Asian University for Women
Campus College Network
GameStop
GSM Worldwide Media
Harvard University
Indoor Direct
McDonald’s
National Geographic
Penn National Gaming
Siemens
Stanford University
SuperCuts
Tampa Bay Rays
Technicolor





Electronics & Home

Electrolux
LG
Samsung
Select Comfort



Eyewear

Sunglass Hut
US Vision at JCPenny



Fashion

Armani
Calvin Klein
Izod
Marilyn Monroe
Nautica



Financial Services

Bank of America
Charles Schwab
Citibank
Fidelity
Prudential
Wells Fargo



Health & Wellness

North Shore — LIJ Hospital
Novartis
Sterilyfe



Luxury

Alfa Romeo

Mercedes-Benz
Movado
Omega Watches





QSR, Foodservice, Convenience

Aramark
Circle K
Love’s Truck Stops
KFC
Mooyah
Yum Brands



Retail

Ameristar Casino
Champs
Coach
Disney
Foot Locker
Gap
H&M
Hot Topic
iS International Shoppes
Lowe’s
Macy’s
Manheim
Men’s Warehouse
Morrison’s Supermarket UK
Nine West
PGA TOUR Superstore
Polaris
Quiksilver
RadioShack
Rite Aid
Sony
Supercuts
Turnberry Properties | Aventura Mall
Vegas.com
Victoria’s Secret
Walmart
Whole Foods



Transit

Philadelphia Metro / Train



Travel / Hospitality

85 Broad Street Lobby
Hyatt Hotels
I-Shoppes Duty Free
LAX Airports








Investor Presentation




CRI Presents at Noble Capital Markets' Thirteenth Annual Investor / Equity Conference and Provides Updated Outlook (Boca Raton Resort, Florida, January 30, 2017)


CRI Presents at Microcap Conference and Provides Updated Outlook (Hotel Monaco, Philadelphia, October 25, 2016)



SEC FilingsSelect a link below to download an SEC Filing. All filing documents are in Adobe PDF Format. 

2017201620152014





Form 10Q- March 31 2017


Form 10-K Dec 31 2016






FEBRUARY 11 - S-1


March 31 NT 10-k


April 4 10-K


May 13 S-1-A


May 13 10-Q


June 1 424B3


June 2 EFFECT


August 15 NT 10-Q


August 22 10-Q


October 14 4-A


October 14 5


October 21 3






JANUARY 9 - SC 13DA


JANUARY 30 - S-1


FEBRUARY 24 - 8-K


MARCH 13 - 8-K


APRIL 1 - NT 10-K


APRIL 21 - 8-K


MAY 7 - 10-K


MAY 28 - 8-K


JULY 2 - 10-Q


JULY 9 - S-1A


JULY 27 D 1/4


JULY 27 D 2/4


JULY 27 D 3/4


JULY 27 D 4/4


JULY 27 - DA


JULY 27 - S-1A


AUGUST 13 - EFFECT


AUGUST 14 - 10-Q


AUGUST 17 - 424B3 1/2


AUGUST 17 - 424B3 2/2


OCTOBER 21 - 8-K


NOVEMBER 17 - NT 10-Q


NOVEMBER 18 - 10-Q


NOVEMBER 18 - 424B3


DECEMBER 28 - 8-K


DECEMBER 28 - 8-KA






JULY 17 - 8-K


JUNE 13 - 8-K


JUNE 27 - 8-K


AUGUST 4 - 8-K


AUGUST 15 - NT 10-Q


AUGUST 19 - 10-K


AUGUST 19 - D


AUGUST 19 - S-4MEF


AUGUST 22 - 3 1/4


AUGUST 22 - 3 2/4


AUGUST 22 - 3 3/4


AUGUST 22 - 3 4/4


AUGUST 22 - 4 1/2


AUGUST 22 - 4 2/2


AUGUST 22 - 8-K


AUGUST 26 - 3


AUGUST 29 - 3


AUGUST 29 - 3A 1/2


AUGUST 29 - 3A 2/2


AUGUST 29 - SC 13D


SEPTEMBER 2 - SC 13D


SEPTEMBER 10 - SC 13DA


SEPTEMBER 12 - PRE 14C


SEPTEMBER 17 - 8-K


SEPTEMBER 22 - SC 13DA


SEPTEMBER 23 - PRER14C


SEPTEMBER 24 - DEF 14C


OCTOBER 10 - SC 13DA


OCTOBER 16 - 8-K


OCTOBER 17 - 8-KA


OCTOBER 29 - D


NOVEMBER 5 -8-KA


NOVEMBER 14 -NT 10-Q


NOVEMBER 26 - 10-Q








Careers



Sales and Client Experience

Account Executive


Content Design and Production

Production Designer


Industrial Design


Software Development
Systems Engineering
Technology Support


Customer Service
Project Management

Project Manager








In The News



Investor News


"Creative Realities announces important new hires " - July, 2017


"Creative Realities receives orders for $6.2 million in software licenses from leading MNO customer" - June 28, 2017


"Audio of Creative Realities, Inc. Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Earnings Call" - Rick Mills, March 29, 2017


"Creative Realities - 1Q17 Results" – May 15 2017


"Creative Realities announces FY16 and 4Q16 financial results" - March 28, 2017


"Transcript of Creative Realities, Inc. Year Ended December 31, 2016 Earnings Call" - March 29, 2017


"Audio of Creative Realities, Inc. Year Ended December 31, 2016 Earnings Call" - Rick Mills, March 29, 2017



"Creative Realities' Version 5.0 software powers major rollout of C-store advertising network" - September 6, 2016



"Creative Realities, Inc (CREX)"


"Creative Realities announces 2Q16 financial results and new financing" - August 22, 2016



In the Press


"Senses Reloaded" – American Builders Quarterly,  2017


"Creative Realities named amongst the 20 Most Promising CPG Tech Solutions Providers 2017" – CIO Magazine, July 2017


"Unleashing the Retail Shopping Experience" – CIO Magazine, July 2017


"OTC Markets Group Welcomes Creative Realities to OTCQX" – OTC Markets, June 16 2016


"Sixteen:Nine Podcasts: Rick Mills, Creative Realities (CRI)" – Sixteen:Nine, Dave Haynes, June 2017


"Beauty Winning at Experiential Retail" – WWD, June 5, 2017 


"Face It. Reading Human Facial Cues: Video Analytics for Digital Signage Systems" – Sound & Communications, May 2017


"Creative Realities 1Q17 Financial Results" – Daily Dooh, Adrian J Cotterill


"Technology Helps Retailers Shake up Status Quo" – Media Planet Insert, USA Today, March 22, 2017


"Placing The Consumer At The Center Of The Technology Stage" - Beth Warren, July 20, 2016










Locations


Creative Realities, Inc. Competitors and Products in the Total Retail Directory   Total Retail DirectoryCreative Realities, Inc.Creative Realities, Inc. Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 055 Broadway, Suite 901New York, NY 10006About Creative Realities, Inc.Creative Realities, Inc. is a company with an appetite for innovation. We bring together expertise in design, marketing, engineering, fabrication and installation, and support of high-tech systems for immersive themed environments. The environment becomes a place where décor, lighting, audio, video, interactive media, and control systems work together to create remarkable experiences.Competitors of Creative Realities, Inc.Millennium Logistics Management, LLCMillennium Logistics Management has become the leader in providing transportation management services within the retail industry. Ranging from complex rollouts of sensitive fixture deliveries including truckloads of fixtures for new store openings. From rollouts of store mannequins to large... Read More Send an email Email Sent 1 product Write a reviewa2b Fulfillment, Inc.a2b Fulfillment is a third-party provider of business support services including Order Fulfillment, Customer Care and Value-Add Services such as Kitting, Assembly, Reverse Logistics and Product Refurbishment. We strive to create the ultimate customer experience and achieve this with same-day... Read More Send an email Email Sent 4 products Write a reviewSofteon, Inc.Warehouse Management Systems control inventory and distribution - the heart of the supply chain - but warehouse operations require deep functionality to enable global flexibility and partner collaboration. Core warehouse functions such as inbound receiving, put-away, picking, shipping, loading... 3 products write a reviewNews about Creative Realities, Inc.Creative Realities announces important new hires Posted 7/12/2017Creative Realities receives orders for $6.2 million in software licenses from leading MNO customer Posted 6/28/2017View all news  ×Rate and Review Creative Realities, Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Creative Realities, Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Creative Realities, Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Millennium Logistics Management, LLC     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Millennium Logistics Management, LLC. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Millennium Logistics Management, LLC.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact Millennium Logistics Management, LLC Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Total Retail Directory and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Rate and Review a2b Fulfillment, Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of a2b Fulfillment, Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of a2b Fulfillment, Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact a2b Fulfillment, Inc. Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Total Retail Directory and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Rate and Review Softeon, Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Softeon, Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Softeon, Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to Total Retail Directory. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for Total Retail Directory. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail AddressCreative Realities Inc: OTCMKTS:CREX quotes & news - Google FinanceMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreDocsBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceMore resultsCreative Realities Inc(OTCMKTS:CREX)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Creative Realities Inc  (Public, OTCMKTS:CREX)  
Watch this stock
 
Find more results for
CREX



















0.380


-0.050
(-11.63%)





Delayed:
 

11:50AM EDT



OTCMKTS
data delayed by 15 mins -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

0.38 - 0.41



52 week

0.10 - 0.45



Open

0.40



Vol / Avg.

24,339.00/25,541.00



Mkt cap

25.68M



P/E

    -



Div/yield

    -



EPS

-0.07



Shares

67.59M



Beta

1.20



Inst. own

44%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Creative Realities Inc »

Subscribe






Advertisement




Events




Add CREX to my calendars





Aug 21, 2017
Q2 2017 Creative Realities Inc Earnings Release (Estimated)
- 4:00PM EDT -






May 16, 2017
Q1 2017 Creative Realities Inc Earnings Call



May 15, 2017
Q1 2017 Creative Realities Inc Earnings Release




  



Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Mar '17)
2016


Net profit margin
6.32%
-43.22%

Operating margin
15.41%
-25.96%

EBITD margin
-
-10.89%

Return on average assets
6.70%
-24.91%

Return on average equity
51.59%
-133.08%

Employees
62
-

CDP Score
-

-



More ratios from Thomson Reuters »

Address
13100 Magisterial Dr Ste 100LOUISVILLE, KY 40223-5185United States
- Map+1-502-7918800 (Phone)

Website links


http://www.cri.com/

















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view





Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel









More from FactSet »










Description




Creative Realities, Inc. is a marketing technology company. The Company provides shopper marketing and digital marketing technology and solutions to retail companies, individual retail brands, enterprises and organizations throughout the United States and in certain international markets. The Company operates through marketing technology solutions segment. The Company specializes in a range of existing and emerging shopper and digital marketing technologies, as well as the related media management and distribution software platforms and networks, device management, product management, customized software service layers, systems, experiences, workflows and integrated solutions. Its technology and solutions include digital merchandising systems and omni-channel customer engagement systems, interactive digital shopping assistants, advisors and kiosks, and other interactive marketing technologies, such as mobile, social media, point-of-sale transactions, beaconing and Web-based media.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





Alec Machiels J.D.

Chairman of the Board





Age: 43

Richard Mills

Chief Executive Officer, Director






John Walpuck

Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer





Age: 54

David A. Bell

Director





Age: 73

Eric J. Bertrand

Director






Donald A. Harris

Director





Age: 62

Kent O Lillemoe

Independent Director








Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service















BUY Creative Realities Inc. (OTC: CREX)








  






You must have javascript enabled to use this site.
Please click here to learn how to enable javascript.





















Contact Us
 FAQ
 Whitelist
 Sitemap










BUY Creative Realities, Inc. (OTC: CREX)Written by John PetersonPosted August 12, 2016 at 6:40PM


Dear Trader,
Your Pro Trader Today recommendation is Creative Realities, Inc., available under the symbol (OTC: CREX).

Background
Creative Realities, Inc. is a marketing technology company.
The company provides shopper marketing and digital marketing technology and solutions to retail companies, individual retail brands, enterprises, and organizations throughout the United States and in certain international markets.
It specializes in a range of existing and emerging shopper and digital marketing technologies, as well as the related media management and distribution software platforms and networks, device management, product management, customized software service layers, systems, experiences, workflows, and integrated solutions.
Its technology and solutions include digital merchandising systems and omni-channel customer engagement systems, interactive digital shopping assistants, advisors and kiosks, and other interactive marketing technologies, such as mobile, social media, point-of-sale transactions, beaconing, and Web-based media.
Vital Statistics
Share Value: $0.15Shares Outstanding: 65.10 millionMarket Cap: $7.2252-Week High: $0.3052-Week Low: $0.10Six-Month Target: $0.50
The Opportunity
The digital marketing sector is one of the growth industries of the 21st century and has already redefined many of the aspects of the shopping experience for both vendor and consumer. 
Through its technological innovations, Creative Realities augments marketing efforts by companies such as Alfa Romeo, Ford, Samsung, LG, and a host of others — through the provision of guided sales tools as well as large, publicly displayed digital and analog installations. 
The company, though small and very thinly traded, services an impressive list of clients within a broad spectrum of industries. 
Aside from those already mentioned, Creative Realities has worked with Fiat, Mercedes, Polaris, Estee Lauder, Lancome, Maybelline, Revlon, AT&T, T-Mobile, Time Warner, and even major financial institutions such as Bank of America, Charles Schwab, Citibank, and Wells Fargo.
Just last month, the company announced an additional $4 million in new orders from an existing client — a leading mobile network. 
Under these purchase orders, Creative Realities will provide hardware, software upgrades, and services to reconfigure and upgrade the MNO's systems at approximately 180 locations.
Revenues from these purchase orders are expected to be recognized in the third and fourth calendar quarters of 2016.
Creative Realities will provide additional maintenance and support services related to the hardware and software, billable on an annual basis beginning January 1, 2017.
With the share price now sitting $0.05 above 52-week lows but $0.15 below 52-week highs, and added revenue from the new contract due to kick in at the start of next year, the time to buy is right now. 
We're recommending investors initiate a position with Creative Realities at or under $0.20. 
For more information on the company, please visit its website at: http://www.cri.com/
Please note that this company is public and is not to be confused with the privately held company Creative Realities http://www.creativerealities.com/





Wireless Charging

A century ago, It was the dream of legendary inventor Nikola Tesla. Today, it's a reality.Soon, every portable device you own will stay forever charged, without ever leaving your pocket - thanks to wireless charging.Learn the details on the revolutionary technology, and the companies leading the pack, by joining Pro Trader Today, absolutely free.






Subscribe



Sign up to receive your free report.  After signing up, you'll begin receiving the Pro Trader Today e-letter daily.


Learn about Pro Trader Today
            and our Privacy Policy


Portfolio



Top Rated


1
What Trump's Impeachment Could Mean...


2
Next Generation of Wearables


3
This Tech Could Make Eating Healthier...


4
Meet Your Smartphone 10 Years From Now


5
This Is Why Tesla Is Tanking




Trending Articles


1
Three New High-Tech Materials That...


2
Could YouTube TV Be a Success?


3
The Oil Industry is Going Green


4
The Dow 30,000 Is NOTHING to Celebrate


5
Mining for Virtual Gold: Bitcoin and...



































About Creative Realities Inc (CREX) - Investing.com Canada





























































































x




Breaking News




















 
 
















 Search website for: 





Popular Searches












Trending Stocks 
Stock Screener 






Sign in/Free Sign Up 

0

Recent Alerts


Sign up to create alerts for Instruments, 
Economic Events and content by followed authors
Free Sign Up Already have an account? Sign in

 







English (USA)TürkçeEnglish (UK)‏العربية‏English (India)ΕλληνικάEnglish (Australia)SvenskaEnglish (South Africa)SuomiDeutschעבריתEspañol (España)日本語Español (México)한국어Français中文Italiano香港NederlandsBahasa IndonesiaPortuguês (Portugal)Bahasa MelayuPolskiไทยPortuguês (Brasil)Tiếng ViệtРусский 





跳转到中文版 

            您更倾向于浏览Investing.com的中文版吗？        

不，谢谢是，跳转至中文站 


 




















Creative Realities Inc (CREX)	


 
OTC Markets








Create Alert 

Create Alert



New!
Create Alert


Website

As an alert notification
To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account



Mobile App





To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account
Make sure you are signed-in with the same user profile





Condition


Price
Change
Volume





Moves above
Moves below


Frequency
Once                


Gains / Loses
Gains
Loses

%
					Frequency
Recurring
Once



Volume exceeds


Frequency
Recurring
Once



For all future releases
Just for the upcoming release
Send me a reminder 1 trading day before






Delivery Method
 Website popup
 Mobile App notifications
 Email Notifications


Status









Create Manage my alerts 



Back 

 



 

Add to/Remove from a Portfolio
My Portfolio









Add to Watchlist				

Add Position				




Position added successfully to:					










Please name your holdings portfolio




Type:

BUY
SELL



Date:










 



Amount:



Price



Point Value:






Leverage:

1:1
1:10
1:25
1:50
1:100
1:200
1:400
1:500
1:1000



Commission:









 

Create a new watchlist
Create 


Create a new holdings portfolio
Add
Create 

+ Add another position
Close 














0.380
-0.050
  
-11.63%



11:50:00 - Delayed Data. Currency in USD ( Disclaimer )


 

Type:
Equity


Market:
United States


ISIN:
US22530J1016 


S/N:
22530J101

 



Volume: 24,339
Bid/Ask: 0.000 / 0.000
Day's Range: 0.380 - 0.410

 
START TRADING NOW 





Creative Realities Inc
0.380
-0.050
-11.63%




START TRADING NOW



 

                General                 
 


Chart
 
 


Streaming charts
Interactive Chart




Financials
 
 


Financial Summary
Income Statement
Balance Sheet
Cash Flow
Ratios
Dividends
Earnings




Technical
 
 


Technical Analysis
Candlestick Patterns
Consensus Estimates




Forum
 
 


Discussions
Recent Sentiments
User Rankings






Overview


Profile


Historical Data




Creative Realities Inc Company Profile

 
			

Get an in-depth profile of Creative Realities Inc, including a general overview of the company's business and key management, as well as employee data and location and contact information.








 


IndustrySoftware & Programming
SectorTechnology
Employees62
Equity TypeORD


Creative Realities, Inc. is a marketing technology company. The Company provides shopper marketing and digital marketing technology and solutions to retail companies, individual retail brands, enterprises and organizations throughout the United States and in certain international markets. The Company operates through marketing technology solutions segment. The Company specializes in a range of existing and emerging shopper and digital marketing technologies, as well as the related media management and distribution software platforms and networks, device management, product management, customized software service layers, systems, experiences, workflows and integrated solutions. Its technology and solutions include digital merchandising systems and omni-channel customer engagement systems, interactive digital shopping assistants, advisors and kiosks, and other interactive marketing technologies, such as mobile, social media, point-of-sale transactions, beaconing and Web-based media.


Contact Information


Address
Louisville, KY 40223-5185United States



Phone
+1-502-7918800



Fax
-



Web
www.cri.com




Loading...



Top Executives



Name
Age
Since
Title




John Walpuck
54
2015
Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer


Richard Mills
-
2015
Chief Executive Officer, Director


Alec Machiels
43
2014
Chairman of the Board








Add a Comment

Comment Guidelines
 

        Comment Guidelines        


We encourage you to use comments to engage with users, share your perspective and ask questions of authors and each other. However, in order to maintain the high level of discourse we’ve all come to value and expect, please keep the following criteria in mind: 

Enrich the conversation
Stay focused and on track. Only post material that’s relevant to the topic being discussed.
Be respectful. Even negative opinions can be framed positively and diplomatically.
 Use standard writing style. Include punctuation and upper and lower cases.
NOTE: Spam and/or promotional messages and links within a comment will be removed
Avoid profanity, slander or personal attacks directed at an author or another user.
Don’t Monopolize the Conversation. We appreciate passion and conviction, but we also believe strongly in giving everyone a chance to air their thoughts. Therefore, in addition to civil interaction, we expect commenters to offer their opinions succinctly and thoughtfully, but not so repeatedly that others are annoyed or offended. If we receive complaints about individuals who take over a thread or forum, we reserve the right to ban them from the site, without recourse.
Only English comments will be allowed.

Perpetrators of spam or abuse will be deleted from the site and prohibited from future registration at Investing.com’s discretion. 
I have read and understood Investing.com Canada's comment guidlines and agree to the terms described.

I Agree 













 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post 
Post also to:


1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 



Thanks for your comment. Please note that all comments are pending until approved by our moderators. It may therefore take some time before it appears on our website.




			
				
    
        
                                    {username}
                                Just Now
                
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
                 Author's response                 
                                            
                            
                            
                        
                        
                            
                            
                            
                        
                                        {commentContent}
                    
                                            
                            Reply
							
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                        
                                    
            
        
        			
			
				
    
        
                            {username}
                        Just Now
			 Author's response 			
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
            
                                    
                        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                
                                {commentContent}
                
                                    
                        Reply
						
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                    
                
            
        
    
			
			
				
					Show more comments ()
				
			
			
				
					Show more replies ()
				
			
		










 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post
1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 

 


 
     



Report this comment

I feel that this comment is:
Spam
Offensive
Irrelevant


Submit 



Comment flagged



Thank You!
            Your report has been sent to our moderators for review        


Close 



Add Chart to Comment







Cancel
Attach 

Disclaimer: Fusion Media would like to remind you that the data  contained in this website is not necessarily real-time nor accurate.  All CFDs (stocks, indexes, futures) and Forex prices are not provided by exchanges but rather by market makers, and so prices may not be accurate and may differ from the actual market price, meaning prices are indicative and not appropriate for trading purposes.  Therefore Fusion Media doesn`t bear any responsibility for any trading losses you might incur as a result of using this data.
Fusion Media or anyone involved with Fusion Media will not accept any liability for loss or damage as a result of reliance on  the information including data, quotes, charts and buy/sell signals contained within this website. Please be fully informed regarding the risks and costs associated with trading the financial markets, it is one of the riskiest investment forms possible.  
 




Find A Broker



Forex
CFD
Binary Options
Stocks




































 

 


Indices
Commodities
Forex
Bonds

More Categories

Tabs SelectionIndicesCommoditiesForexBondsStocksETFs%COUNT%/4 selected Apply1D1W1M6M1Y5YMax S&P/TSX15,254.02-11.61-0.08%  S&P/TSX 60 Futures897.15-0.60-0.07%  S&P/TSX 60 VIX13.86+1.55+12.59%  S&P 500 Futures2,470.00-3.50-0.14%  Nasdaq Futures5,897.25-13.50-0.23%  DAX12,154.72-26.76-0.22%  US Dollar Index92.67-0.08-0.09%  Euro Index94.65+0.15+0.16%  Crude Oil WTI49.41-0.18-0.36%  Brent Oil52.41+0.05+0.10%  Natural Gas2.809-0.002-0.07%  Gold1,268.13-3.67-0.29%  Silver16.627-0.106-0.63%  US Soybeans955.62-14.38-1.48%  US Cotton #270.16-0.18-0.26%  Aluminum1,913.75-13.25-0.69%  USD/CAD1.25710.00000.00%  EUR/CAD1.4926+0.0025+0.17%  EUR/USD1.1874+0.0018+0.15%  GBP/USD1.3137-0.0086-0.65%  USD/JPY110.11-0.58-0.52%  AUD/USD0.7942-0.0025-0.31%  BTC/USD2,763.4+83.4+3.11%  ETH/USD224.70+7.97+3.68%  Canada 5Y1.522-0.035-2.25%  Canada 10Y1.900-0.040-2.06%  Canada 30Y2.328-0.038-1.61%  US 2Y Yield1.343-0.020-1.47%  US 10Y Yield2.237-0.025-1.10%  US 30Y Yield2.816-0.030-1.05%  Germany 10Y0.452-0.004-0.88%  Japan 30Y0.879+0.006+0.69%  Start Trading 
  


ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocks 




 Tabs Selection 

ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocksBondsETFs 
 %COUNT%/4 selected Apply


Timeframe                    
1 min.
5 mins
15 mins
30 mins
Hourly
5 Hours
Daily
Weekly










EUR/USD
1.1874

+0.0018 +0.15%



Summary
Neutral



Moving Averages:
Buy 6
Sell 6



Indicators:
Buy 2
Sell 5

 



EUR/USD
1.1874

+0.0018 +0.15%



Summary
Neutral



Moving Averages:
Buy 6
Sell 6



Indicators:
Buy 2
Sell 5



GBP/USD
1.3138

-0.0085 -0.64%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 9
Sell 3



Indicators:
Buy 9
Sell 0



USD/JPY
110.11

-0.58 -0.52%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 7
Sell 5



Indicators:
Buy 7
Sell 0



AUD/USD
0.7942

-0.0025 -0.31%



Summary
Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 7
Sell 5



Indicators:
Buy 5
Sell 1



USD/CAD
1.2571

0.0000 0.00%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 0
Sell 12



Indicators:
Buy 0
Sell 10



EUR/JPY
130.74

-0.49 -0.37%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 1
Sell 11



Indicators:
Buy 2
Sell 5



EUR/CHF
1.1515

+0.0006 +0.05%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 12
Sell 0



Indicators:
Buy 7
Sell 0



Gold Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Silver Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Copper Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Crude Oil WTI Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Brent Oil Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Natural Gas Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US Coffee C Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Dow Jones Industrial Averag..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nasdaq 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



DAX


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



FTSE 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



CAC 40


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nikkei 225


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Apple Inc


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Alphabet Inc Class A


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Bank of America Corp


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



JPMorgan Chase & Co


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Exxon Mobil Corporation


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



BP PLC


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Deutsche Bank AG NA O.N.


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 2-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 5-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 10-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 30-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Euro Bund Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US 10 Year T-Note Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Japan Government Bond Futur..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



UK Gilt Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR Dow Jones Industrial A..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 1000 Growth


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 2000


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



PowerShares QQQ Trust Serie..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort S&P500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort QQQ


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 




 
 
EUR/USD
1.1874
Neutral
 


 
 
GBP/USD
1.3138
Strong Buy
 


 
 
USD/JPY
110.11
Strong Buy
 


 
 
AUD/USD
0.7942
Buy
 


 
 
USD/CAD
1.2571
Strong Sell
 


 
 
EUR/JPY
130.74
Strong Sell
 


 
 
EUR/CHF
1.1515
Strong Buy
 






 
 
Gold


 


 
 
Silver


 


 
 
Copper


 


 
 
Crude Oil WTI


 


 
 
Brent Oil


 


 
 
Natural Gas


 


 
 
US Coffee C


 






 
 
Dow 30


 


 
 
Nasdaq 100


 


 
 
S&P 500


 


 
 
DAX


 


 
 
FTSE 100


 


 
 
CAC 40


 


 
 
Nikkei 225


 






 
 
Apple


 


 
 
Alphabet A


 


 
 
Bank of America


 


 
 
JPMorgan


 


 
 
Exxon Mobil


 


 
 
BP


 


 
 
Deutsche Bank AG


 



 

Start Trading 
Recent Quotes NamePriceChg.Chg. %  CREX0.380-0.050-11.63% 


Add to Watchlist
Add to Watchlist


Add to Watchlist (Max 50)

Select where to add the results:





			Added successfully		


Create Portfolio
Apply 



Create 



Close 

 



 

Market Movers


Most Active
Gainers %
Losers %







 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
Air Canada
21.710
+3.98%
2.36M

 


 
Canadian Natural Resources
40.26
+4.33%
1.87M

 


 
TransCanada
64.63
-0.08%
807.89K

 


 
Toronto Dominion Bank
64.38
-0.14%
787.53K

 


 
Canadian National Railway
100.82
-0.16%
441.46K

 


 
Canadian Imperial Bank
108.72
+0.36%
419.28K

 


 
Canadian Pacific Railway
196.25
-0.88%
254.96K

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
Biosenta Inc
0.100
+566.67%
1.79K

 


 
Plaintree Systems Inc
0.085
+54.55%
5.02K

 


 
ePlay Digital
0.150
+50.00%
1.67M

 


 
Emerald Bay Energy Inc.
0.015
+50.00%
137.00K

 


 
Sandstorm Gold WNT
0.0150
+50.00%
23.00K

 


 
Tolima Gold Inc
0.015
+50.00%
50.00K

 


 
GreenBank Capital Inc
0.350
+37.25%
1.50K

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
Novicus
0.0800
-76.47%
5.00K

 


 
Affinity Metals
0.050
-33.33%
2.27K

 


 
Debut Diamonds Inc
0.010
-33.33%
1.80K

 


 
CPI Card Group Inc
2.17
-31.33%
23.98K

 


 
CRH Medical
3.240
-29.57%
2.02M

 


 
Northern Sphere Mining Corp
0.210
-26.32%
18.00K

 


 
Micrex Development Corp.
0.015
-25.00%
5.00K

 

 


Promotions

 
New Special Offer: Ultra-Low & Fixed Spreads on CFDS
FxGrow 


 
Limted Time offer- 100% BONUS!
AvaTrade 

   















 

Sign up for FREE and get:
 Real-Time Alerts
 Advanced Portfolio Features
 Personalized Charts
 Fully-Synced App








Continue with Facebook



Continue with Google


or

Sign up with Email





 
 













Creative Realities, Inc. - 首頁 | Facebook




















Facebook電子郵件或電話密碼忘記帳號？註冊首頁關於相片BlogPoll貼文社群建立粉絲專頁社群查看全部50 人說這讚50 個人正在追蹤關於查看全部Contact Creative Realities, Inc. on Messengerwww.creativerealities.com產品／服務用戶50 個讚更多大家都按讚的專頁30 Day Waste Challenge公益Rally Point Webinars顧問公司Armstrong Graphics & Design顧問公司此專頁按讚的粉絲專頁IBM Global ServicesTomra Systems ASAL'eggs中文(台灣) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隱私政策 · 使用條款 · 廣告 · Ad Choices · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017相片顯示全部貼文Creative Realities, Inc. · 2016年10月25日 · Can our winter of discontent be made a glorious summer by innovation? http://hubs.ly/H04Th430Can our winter of discontent be made a glorious summer by innovation?From Trump and Clinton, to police shootings, Black Lives Matter, Terrorism and ISIS, our world is discontent.  Maybe innovation tools and approaches could help!http://www.creativerealities.com/innovationist-blo...Creative Realities, Inc. · 2015年9月25日 · Yogi Berra's sage advice for companies on Vision, Mission, and Strategy http://hubs.ly/H01cNyp0Yogi Berra's sage advice for companies on Vision, Mission, and StrategyRecognize how Yogi Berra's quote has insight for businesses who fail to craft strategic visions by carefully considering how changes in the world around them will create a world in which they may not be relevant or competitive.www.creativerealities.com顯示全部貼文Creative Realities, Inc. · 2015年8月20日 · What do Hillary Clinton and Tom Brady have to teach us about the new world of brand engagement in 2015? http://hubs.ly/H015bjy0What do Hillary Clinton and Tom Brady have to teach us about the new world of brand engagement in 2015?Have you noticed how similar their situations are?  And how they illustrate the demand for transparency?www.creativerealities.comCreative Realities, Inc. · 2015年8月6日 · The Power of an External Mindset http://hubs.ly/H012L490The Power of an External Mindsetinnovation, external perspective, outside experts, stimulating creativity, inertia,creativerealities.hs-sites.comCreative Realities, Inc. · 2014年8月24日 · Don't just "Think Outside the Box"... Think in New Dimensions http://hubs.ly/y05F_M0Don't just "Think Outside the Box"... Think in New DimensionsI find myself cringing every time I hear someone advocate for “Thinking Outside the Box.” It's unfortunate that this term has become cliche.creativerealities.hs-sites.comCreative Realities, Inc. · 2013年5月10日 · New post! Don't just "Think Outside the Box"... Think in New Dimensions http://hub.am/10xuk2DDon't just "Think Outside the Box"... Think in New Dimensions"Out-of-the-box thinking" has become a cliche. Go beyond it for innovation.http://www.creativerealities.com/innovationist-blo...Creative Realities, Inc. · 2012年9月19日 · New post! Should Innovation Be Top-Down Or Bottom-Up?...It Depends! http://t.co/UTVud24WCreative Realities, Inc. · 2012年9月19日 · New post! Should Innovation Be Top-Down Or Bottom-Up?...It Depends! http://hub.am/QCg6K1Should Innovation Be Top-Down Or Bottom-Up?...It Depends!We are often asked if the best way to structure for innovation is top-down or bottom-up? The answer is both if you are going to succeed in the long rwww.creativerealities.comCreative Realities, Inc. · 2012年5月30日 · New post! 3 Keys to Avoiding Groupthink When Collaborating http://hub.am/JPuf3d3 Keys to Avoiding Groupthink When CollaboratingBy Jay Terwilliger    President, Creative Realities, Inc.                                                  In recent articles in both the New York Tiwww.creativerealities.comCreative Realities, Inc. · 2012年5月30日 · New post! 3 Keys to Avoiding Groupthink When Collaborating http://t.co/wFvO7OYZCreative Realities, Inc. · 2012年5月21日 · New post! The Person Who Can Say “Yes” to Innovation Without Permission http://hub.am/JhpYFuThe Person Who Can Say “Yes” to Innovation Without PermissionWhen executives create teams to pursue breakthrough innovation they typically push the work down to the operating levels, just like they do so successfully with their core businesses.www.creativerealities.comCreative Realities, Inc. · 2012年5月21日 · New post! The Person Who Can Say “Yes” to Innovation Without Permission http://t.co/1RQkQIiBCreative Realities, Inc. · 2012年3月27日 · Tell the story of your business model: http://t.co/VEO5fR7j @Jabaldaia via@kilnco #storytellingCreative Realities, Inc. · 2012年3月27日 · Innovate or Die: The imperative of innovation, and an architecture to achieve it http://t.co/gY6KylSB Jim StikeleatherCreative Realities, Inc. · 2012年3月26日 · Introverts, Groupthink, and Brainstorming: powerful commentary by @JayTwig http://t.co/82KRgnLo #creativity #innovationCreative Realities, Inc. · 2012年3月22日 · New post! Let's not confuse good brainstorming with the new "Groupthink". http://t.co/BUSZdnlECreative Realities, Inc. · 2012年3月7日 · New post! Lin-sanity, Innovation and The Educated Gut http://t.co/rMm2V3Pl查看更多


