




Taiwan Bike Manufacturers :B2BManufactures.com For Taiwan and China Bikes Manufacturers and Bike Suppliers






















































Suppliers
Products
Selling Leads
Buying Leads





















Manufacturers Category >  Bicycles Parts & Accessories >  Taiwan Bike Manufacturers > Bike Manufacturer
















 Related Searches :  MTB Bike, Magnetic Bike, Mountain Bike Manufacturers, Electric Bike, Elliptical Bike, Folding Bike, Motor Bike, Road Bike, Trek Bike, Taiwan Bike Manufacturer, BMX Bike Manufacturer, Freestyle Bike, Mini Bike, China Exercise Bike Manufacturer, Carbon Bike





 Taiwan Bike Manufacturers: From Reliable Bike Manufacturers & Bike Suppliers








 
                


Select ALL
Clear ALL


 Inquire
 Add to Basket










 Product Search
VIP Manufacturers








 Contact  





BEV International Corp.
( Origin : Taiwan Manufacturers & Suppliers )



















BEV International Corp. is one of the leading Bike Accessories Manufacturers in Taiwan, such as Bicycle Brake Pad. All Bike accessories are made under strictly quality control. A long-lasting good reputation has been enjoyed by BEV since the establishment. BEV provides customers with efficiency and productivity that are previously only available with the professional team. We commit ourselves with values into all our product lines. Customer designs & OEM orders are welcome. If more information needed regarding our Bike Brake Pads, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time. We will be pleased to assist your inquiry.


 Website
 Profile
 Video
 Products











 Contact  





Direct Manufacturer Supplier International Inc.
( Origin : Taiwan Manufacturer & Supplier )
















Direct Manufacturer Supplier International Inc. is one of the Bike Parts manufacturer. We have passed the ISO9001 quality system certification. We insist on the concept of "Quality first, prestige important", and after continuous innovation and development, the products have been widely used in many fields. Not only the products sold well in the world's market, but also have enjoyed a good reputation in the markets. We offers the customers with Bicycle Parts of excellent quality and best service, hope to build a new brilliant with you in the future.


 Website
 Profile
 Products











 





 Product Search
Golden Suppliers








 Contact  





Shin Fang Plastic Industrial Co., Ltd.
( Origin : Taiwan Manufacturer & Supplier )






Shin Fang Plastic Industrial Co., Ltd was founded in 1974. Our product line includes Bike whose are made of a wide plastic material of Bike and others. We have been adhering to the enthusiasm to serve the clients all the time to be the original intension. You can choose the appropriate style or pattern you need, or cooperate with the company to develop products of novel styles. We have professional staff and technologies. From map-drawing, opening the mould, selecting the raw materials, to the production and shipment, our standard and integrated operational flow process has passed ISO 9001: 2000, manufacturing the excellent Bike that conform to the clients’ demands.


 Website
 Profile
 Video
 Products











 Contact  





G-MA ENGINEERING CO., LTD.
( Origin : Taiwan Manufacturers & Suppliers )





G-MA ENGINEERING CO., LTD. is specialize in the production of Bike. Our company attained ISO9001 international quality system certification. Our company has professional and technical personnel, experts and scholars. We are committed to improving and updating equipment, providing good quality and after-sales service to win users' praises. We wish to have sincere cooperation with all friends, and work together to create a more glorious tomorrow for common development. We also hope to receive precious ideas and suggestions from domestic and overseas' friends. Let us create good achievements in this hot spot and go out for a nice tomorrow together.


 Website
 Profile
 Products











 Contact  





Maxway Cycles Co., Ltd.
( Origin : Taiwan Manufacturer & Supplier )






Maxway Cycles specializes in the production of Road Racing Bike Frmaes. We attained ISO-9001 international quality system certification. Maxway has professional and technical personnel, experts and scholars. We are committed to improving and updating equipment, providing good quality and after-sales service to win users' praises. We wish to have sincere cooperation with all friends, and work together to create a more glorious tomorrow for common development. We also hope to receive precious ideas and suggestions from domestic and overseas' friends. Let us create good achievements in this hot spot and go out for a nice tomorrow together.


 Website
 Profile
 Video
 Products














New Bike Products





Bicycle Light


Bike Saddle


Double Clamps


Bicycle Wheel Sets


Road Bike Rims


Brake/derailleur Cable Protector


Mini Tools ( Bicycle Accessories)


Bicycle Saddles(Bicycle Seats)












 Product Search
Silver Manufacturers








 Contact  





Youn Live Industry Co., Ltd.
( Origin : Taiwan & Mainland China Manufacturer & Supplier )


Youn Live Industry Co., Ltd. was established in 1985 as a specialist manufacturer of various types of carbon bikes. All our hi-tech bicycles made in advanced materials such as carbon fiber, are not only practical and fun to ride, are also specially designed for specific purposes such as racing, mountain climbing, city cruising, shopping, etc. We are dedicated to R&D as well as participating in many international exhibitions to stay ahead of the market trend and keeping up with the latest technologies. Our wide spread and well connected marketing network around the globe offer the best services for our agents and buyers. You are welcome to contact us for further information regarding our carbon fiber bikes.


 Website











 Contact  





Asia Bicycle Trading Company
( Origin : Taiwan & Mainland China Manufacturers & Suppliers )


Asia Bicycle Trading Company is one of the leading Bicycle Manufacturers and Suppliers in Asia. We are not only a supplier but also an excellent designer team. Based on over then 20 years experience in bicycle business and over than 10 years experience in sport & medical products, we are sure our outstanding design and competitive price will help you winning your marketing share. No matter to ship from Taiwan or China, you will be satisfied with our professional service. As a professional Complete Bicycle Manufacturer, we provide our customers with high quality products, competitive prices and timely deliveries. We are confident to be one of reliable partners of you. We are looking forward to establishing strategic business relationships with you soon.


 Website











 Contact  





Jian-Sun Tire Mold Co., Ltd.
( Origin : Taiwan Manufacturer & Supplier )


Jian-Sun Machinery Co., Ltd.  is a professional Bike manufacturer. Jian-Sun's products has reasonable price and best quality, providing the highest quality products is the company's main goal. We are constantly searching for ways to improve our products and customer service and welcome new challenges. If you are interest our products, contact us, we will offer you the best price and superior high quality. For your better understanding of Jian-Sun tire molds manufacturers, please pay a visit on this website.


 Website











 Contact  





Kimo Locks Industr Co., Ltd.
( Origin : Taiwan Manufacturers & Suppliers )


Kimo Locks Industr Co., Ltd. has been committed to designing and manufacturing a broad selection of locks, such as car locks, Bike, motorcycle (Bike) locks, drawers locks, public phones locks, door locks, padlocks, lock cylinders, U lock, cam lock and cable locks to meet customers’ needs. Quality control is the essential part of our manufacturing process. The ultimate objective of our company is to provide customers with high quality products at reasonable prices. We are the professional lock and lock cylinder manufacturer with an enviable reputation in Taiwan. Our products have acquired quite a few domestic and international patents and the car gearshift lock honorably won the Innovation Prize in Germany. If you are looking for the best locks, we surely are your first and only choice.


 Website











 Contact  





Karbona Parts Inc.
( Origin : Taiwan Manufacturer & Supplier )


Taiwan Bicycle Parts Manufacturer  and Bike Parts Manufacturer, Karbona Parts Inc. is a company that can deliver the best prices, the best service and the best support to a satisfyevery link in the manufacture to market supply chain. Karbona's products range is both extensive and enjoys a rapid turnaround. Not only can customers now have the quality of our products but they can also enjoy a R&D facility second to none. The vast amount of experience and knowledge offered by Karbona has put them at the forefront of product development ahead of many other Taiwanese suppliers. Karbona has full of capacity and ability by using the facilities to develop the customers own range of products for both oem and after market use.


 Website











 Contact  





Ren Jieh Co., Ltd.
( Origin : Taiwan Manufacturers & Suppliers )


Recognized by EEC (Emark), US CPSC, and CE approved accreditations, Ren Jieh Co., Ltd. is one of the leading producers and exporters of innovative electric scooter, Bike, electric barrow, electric vehicle, and electric Bike, etc. We are dedicated to producing new and fun transportation, which is practical, enjoyable and safe. We believe a great product is a combination of many things. A great idea, the best quality parts and a skilled workforce all play a vital role in producing a winning product. Ren Jieh greatly values the importance of research, development, design and marketing. We always ensure products are consistently made to strict high standards. Our competitive prices and exceptional customer service have produced many satisfied customers throughout Japan, Europe and America.


 Website















 Product Search
Standard Suppliers








 Contact





Hangzhou Guanhao Bicycle Industrial Co., Ltd.


                      Hangzhou Guanhao Bicycle Industrial Co., Ltd. is an enterprise specializes in bicycle, company have advanced static scribble and install equipment and two assemble production line with 45meters. The company has perfect quality management systems, passed ISO-9000 international quality authentication in 2002. 
                    
Profile : extreme sports equipments










 Contact





Jiangsu Jinjie Motor Manufacture Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of motorcycles, scooters, dirt bikes, ATVs, off road, e-bikes, engines. It has passed CCC. 
                    
Profile : motorcycle manufacturer










 Contact





Taiwan Long Term Bicycle Group.


                      Manufacturer of exercise bicycles, exercise bikes, bicycle components, alloy frames, steel bicycle forks. 
                    










 Contact





Quanzhou Nanhua Bags Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of Bike bag, backpack, suitcases, travel bags, school bags and trolley bag, cooler bags. The products sell well in more than 30 countries and areas of Europe, American, Japan. 
                    
Profile : bike bag










 Contact





Kinroad Xintian Motorcycle Manufacture Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of motorcycles, scooters, ATVs, dirt bikes, go karts, mini choppers, engines, frames, shock absorbers, fuel tanks, other motorcycle parts. It has passed ISO9001 and 3C certificate. 
                    
Profile : motorcycle manufacturer










 Contact





Suzhou Everich Imp. & Exp. Co., Ltd.


                      Suzhou Everich Imp.&Exp.Co.,Ltd, reformed from Suzhou Light Industrial Products Imp.&Exp. Corp, was founded in 1980. As a member of Suzhou Imp.&Exp.Co.,Ltd (Group), one of the 200 best Chinese export companies, we specialized in the import and export business of light industrial products, textiles and garments, bicycles and spare parts, hardwares, home appliances, medical products, chemical products and so on.

Suzhou Everich Imp.&Exp.Co.,Ltd has a professional contingent of 125 staffs who are accomplished in foreign trade business and various merchandise knowledge, and enjoys high appreciation from foreign merchants. With over 30-year-experience in the field, the company has established a harmonious business relationship with companies in over 100 countries and regions. The company has been...
                    










 Contact





Beijing Xiaomi Technology Co., Ltd


                      Xiaomi was founded in 2010 by serial entrepreneur Lei Jun, who believes that high-quality technology doesn't need to cost a fortune. We create remarkable hardware, software, and internet services for and with the help of our Mi fans. We incorporate their feedback into our product range, which currently includes the Mi Note Pro, Mi Note, Mi 4, Redmi 2, Mi TV, Mi Band and other accessories. With more than 61 million handsets sold in 2014, and products launched in Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines, India, Indonesia and Brazil, Xiaomi is expanding its footprint across the world to become a global brand. 
                    










 Contact





Hangzhou Dingming Sporting Goods Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of exercise bikes, home GYM, steppers, elliptical trainers, rowing machine etc, since 1999, company's credit rating has been continuous attaining China AAA honour authentication, moreover, company has attained the ISO9002 in 1999. 
                    
Profile : exercise bike(mechanical) - exercise bike(ergometer) - exercise bike(magnetic)










 Contact





Tonglu Crystal Sports Equipments Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of exercise Bike, sit up bench, weight bench. The company has obtained the certificate of ISO9000 quality management system. The product, which is of new and beautiful style and top-ranking quality. 
                    
Profile : exersice bike










 Contact





Zhejiang Jianfeng Manufacturer Group


                      Our company can manufactuer and export a series of wheelchair, power wheelchair, motorized wheel chair, golf products ( golf car, golf trolley), utility vehicle,RTV,ATV, gokart, scooter, pocket Bike ( mini motor), dirt Bike, motorcycle, rough terrain and garden machinery. For more information about any of our products, or to place a customized requirement, please contact us with your detailed correspondences. We are looking forward to having the opportunity of working together with your enterprise in the future. 
                    
Profile : motorized wheel chair










 Contact





Jiande Xingda Industry Co., Ltd.


                      Jiande Xingda Industry Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturer engaged in producing all kinds of bicycles and solar light, such as folding bicycles, mountain bicycles, mini bikes, children bicycles, scooters, light bicycles, and heavy duty bicycles, etc. And various kinds of solar light. 
                    
Profile : extreme sports equipments










 Contact





JIUN YIH IND. CO., LTD.


                      CWI started making by forks since 1992 in Taiwan. We have close to 20 years of experience on bicycle forks. CWI has always been known for offering the best service and quality to all of our customers. CWI can also modify and design forks which according to customers’ requirements.

Different materials have been used for producing forks, such as Alloy (7005,7075,6061), Cr-mo, Hi-ten and CWI build forks with TIG welding, Alloy welding, gas welding, brazed, glue…etc. Testing machines of the highest standards have been used to test every fork of our different models to make sure all of the CWI products have no doubt on the safety. 
                    










 Contact





Hebei Cangshi Sports Equipment Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of a series of electro-hydraulic basketball stands, movable volleyball post, movable tennis post, movabal badminton post, table tennis table, equipment of track and field, gymnastics, products of Wushu, boxing, kinds of balls and paving the plastic cement on the field. It is an approved factory by ISO9001:2000 International Quality Management Association 
                    
Profile : exercise bike










 Contact





Zhejiang Jinyun Sanding Industrial Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of motorcycle lock, motorcycle cylinders, electric Bike locks, black casting. The company is a joint-stock enterprise established in 1995 which located beside Xiandu, Grade AAAA key beauty spot, where with convernient traffic and gentler environment. With outstanding craftsmanship and advanced facility our company took the lead in passing ISO 9001 - the 2000th international Quality system Authentication. 
                    
Profile : motorcycle lock










 Contact





Lun Tai Enterprise Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of fitness equipment, spinning Bike, treadmill, elliptical, ATV. Gained ISO 9001 SGS Certification & won silver level valuation. And as one of the leading motorcycle part/component suppliers for YAMAHA, our production line and abilities in plastic 
injection molding have been well known in the motorcycle industry. 
                    










 Contact





Ruian City Jiecheng Locks Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of motorcycle locks, Bike lock sets. The company was established in 1992 is located in Ruian City Economic and Technical Development Zon e-the largest automobile and motorcycle parts production base in the country. 
                    
Profile : motorcycle lock










 Contact





Ningbo Weili Fitness Equipment Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of step counters, pedometers, motorized treadmills, motorized elliptical trainers, exercise bikes. It has passed ISO9001-2000 certification and CE certification. 
                    
Profile : step counters










 Contact





Shenzhen Fengyuan Outdoor Furniture Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of metal benches, leisure chairs, ash bin receptacles, garden leisure facilities, guard rails, pavilions﹑shelters, Bike racks, planter boxes, cast iron bench supports, cast-aluminum bench supports, umbrella stands. 
                    
Profile : metal benches










 Contact





Shen Fa Industries Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of bicycles, mountain bikes, trekking bikes, city bikes, folding bikes, beach cruisers, suspension bikess, electric bikes, explorer bikes and bmx, etc. We ship all our products overseas. 
                    










 Contact





Wuxi Jinbawang Motorcycle Manufacturing Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of motorcycles, scooters, electric scooters, electric bicycles, electric bikes, off-road motorcycles, wheels, fuel tanks. It has passed ISO9001 International Quality Certification, China Compulsory Product Certification (CCC), the environment certification and import and export right. 
                    
Profile : motorcycle manufacturer










 Contact





Chongqing Shineray Motorcycle Manufacturing Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of motorcycles, ATVs, dirt bikes, street bikes, cubs with engine displacements, scooters, wheelers, engines. It has getten a lot of praises in China. 
                    
Profile : motorcycle manufacturer










 Contact





Kaider Trading Co., Ltd.


                      Kaider is one of the leading export company, specialized in manufacturing and exporting various kinds of handtools kits, hardwares, safety products, electric power tools, and so on. We mainly offer wood working clamps, crewdriver kits, caulking guns, hand inflators, tool sets, electric golf trolley, electric scooters, fireplace, safety goggles & masks and paper printed handbag etc. It's major targets are Chile, Argentina, France and Middle East area. Product CD is available. 
                    
Profile : wood working clamp










 Contact





Taizhou City Suqi Storage Battery Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of motorcycle battery, motorcycle batteries, scooter battery, scooter batteries, automobiles batteries, UPS batteries, emergency power source batteries, electric bikes batteries. The products pass the iinspection from Zhejiang Province Quality Technical Supervision Bureau and conform with JB/T4282-92 Standard. 
                    
Profile : motorcycle battery










 Contact





Hangzhou Xinrui Bicycle Industrial Co., Ltd.


                      Hangzhou Xinrui Bike Industrial Co., Ltd. is an enterprise specializes in the design, manufacturing and marketing all kinds of bicycles. Our main products include mountain ( MTB) bikes, racing bikes, folding bikes, freestyle bikes, beach cruisers, chopper bikes, city bikes, kids' BMX bikes, electric scooters, related bicycle parts, etc. We have passed ISO 9001:2000 international quality authentication. We have advanced install equipment and automatic assembly lines. Annual production capacity comes to 500, 000 sets. All the company staff always adhere to the enterprise principle of "Quality is the core, non-counterfeit products" and the management theory of "Sincere, Justice, Innovation, Service, High-qulity, Mutual benefit". With the fine product design, advanced equipment,...
                    
Profile : Bicycle Rims










 Contact





Yongkang Tingjin Sports & Leisure Articles Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of kick scooter, kick scooters, skate rollers, helmets, protective pads, adult scooters, children's scooters, bikes. OEM is welcome. 
                    
Profile : Kick Scooters - Kick Scooters










 Contact





Lee Chi Enterprises Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of bicycle parts, including Bike brake, Bike lever, seat post, disc brake, handle bar, Bike accessories, Bike hub. OEM, ODM, OBM for bicycle parts. 
                    










 Contact





Xinda Equipment Imp. & Exp. Co., Ltd.


                      XINDA EQUIPMENT IMP & EXP., LTD, is located by the famous beautiful Huang Shan scenery. For about nine-year after our establishment in 1999, we have already been an entity combining with business trading, technology and after-sales service, and also concentrating on extending our business scope all over the world, we meet the demands of markets standard goods, we have good reputation in trading, staffs offer competitive price and provide you a large choice. We have got a stable development and established a long term relationship with various countries and areas, such as East Asia, Europe, USA, and Middle east, while the business scope has extended to electrical appliance, touch screen monitors & TVs, power handtools, fastners, air conditioner, water pumps, submersible sewage pump, garden tools,...
                    
Profile : touch screen monitors - LCD TV PC monitors - LCD displays










 Contact





SunRace Roots Enterprise Company


                      May 26th, 1972, Roots Enterprise Co., Ltd. was established. Initially operating from a small leased apartment in Taipei City. As the Taiwan Cycling Industry was just beginning, we saw opportunity in producing derailleurs in Taiwan since at that time there were no domestically made derailleurs and the import of derailleurs were very limited in supply. With success in initial sales, the derailleur sets are given a brand name. The “Sun Race” brand name is registered and trademarked. After a leading drivetrain manufacturer declares bankruptcy, Sun Race decides to enter the US market and supply to OEM and aftermarket demands. Sun Race USA was founded in Oakland, California. Engineering team adopts use of 3D engineering, Pro-Engineering Software, accelerating research and development time and product...
                    










 Contact





Taicang Bailangxing Lighting Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of HID lightings, 35w HID conversion kits for cars and motorcycles' headlights, 35w car roof-top spotlight, HID flashlight, HID dive/waterproof torch, HID multi-function light, HID multi-function Bike lights, HID components. 
                    
Profile : HID lightings










 Contact





Wuxi Futong International Trade Co., Ltd.


                      Manufacturer of scooter parts, e-scooters, spare parts, pocket bikes, dirt bikes, accessories, mini motorcycles, diesel engines. 
                    
Profile : scooter parts










 Contact





Harlow Enterprise Group.


                      Manufacturer of motorcycle carburetors, carburetors, carburetor manufacturers, body parts, startup relays, rectificating regulators, electrical mail cables, electrical ignitions, lamps, air cleaners, shock absorptions, engine parts, spark plugs, magneto loops, change pedals, rubber seals, oil pumps, side cases, water pumps, generators, scooters, street bikes, dirty bikes. 
                    
Profile : motorcycle carburetors










 Contact





Anhui Herrman Impex Co., Ltd.


                      Anhui Herrman Impex Co., Ltd. established in 1994 and devoted itself into the exportation and importation business of chemicals, raw materials for pharmaceutical, intermediates, pigments and coatings. Anhui Herrman Light Industries Co., Ltd. in 1998, which consists of bicycles and bicycle parts, articles of daily use, toys, sporting goods, stationeries and textiles. 
                    
Profile : extreme sports equipments










 Contact





Guangzhou Peerless Bicycles Co., Ltd.


                      Guangzhou Peerless Bicycles Co., Ltd. is manufacturer and seller environment protective electric bicycle、bicycle and sport equipment, we have earned a leading place and get highly praise from the customers. Bearing the main business in the group, Peerless actively sparkplug the environment protective conception in the world wild manufacturing and production. 
                    
Profile : extreme sports equipments










 Contact





Tianjin Meibang Bicycle Industry Co., Ltd.


                      Tianjin Meibang Bicycle Industry Co., Ltd. is an enterprise specialized in manufacturing bicycles and electric bicycles. The company and its subsidiary company Tianjin Yahui Industry and Trade Co., Ltd. annual output of bicycles is more than eight hundred thousand, electric bicycles more than fifty thousand. 
                    
Profile : extreme sports equipments










 Contact





Zhejiang Wuyi Bosuer Motion Apparatus Co., Ltd.


                      Zhejiang Wuyi Bosuer Motion Apparatus Co., Ltd. is specializing in producing dirt bikes, pocket bikes, choppers and ATVs. By introducing advanced production technology and advanced equipment, our company creatively develops new designs and makes high-quality products. Our products have the certificates CE, EEC, DOT, etc. 
                    
Profile : extreme sports equipments










 Contact





Zhejiang Crown King Bicycle Co., Ltd.


                      Zhejiang Crown King Bicycle Co., Ltd. specialized in manufacturing bicycles, electric bikes and bicycle parts. Quality is controlled strictly according to ISO9001, our products not only sell well in domestic market, but also sold to more than 20 countries and regions. Since 1995, we provided good OEM service for famous brand in USA like "Huffy" and Japanese, won good praise. 
                    
Profile : extreme sports equipments










 Contact





Zhejiang Jianlong Bicycle Co., Ltd.


                      Zhejiang Jianlong Bicycle Co., Ltd. is the rising one of the Bike manufacturing. The major productins are mountain bikes and shock absorbers bikes. It has kinds of new and pretty styles and it' s in good capability. They have been overrun the country standard by China' s authoritative detecting appartment. The bikes have been worldsold and well liked by foreign bussinessmen. 
                    
Profile : extreme sports equipments










 Contact





YAGER GEAR ENTERPRISE CO., LTD.


                      Founded in 1991, Yager Gear has been mainly designing and manufacturing top quality spiral bevel gears based on the guideline of the US Gleason Standard. We have high appreciation of designing and manufacturing field. In recent years, CNC has driven whole market. Our CNC cutting machine will have Quality to be become much stable from the consistency of Design, Manufacture, and Inspection. Mr. Yang who is our President has imported Klingelnberg’s equipment from Germany. Now both of the Top system of Gleason and Klingelnberg can be used well to meet customer’s requests. 	

Yager produces professional spiral bevel gears which can be used in Power tool, Pneumatic tool, Reducing gear box, Yacht, Sewing machine, Airplane, Agricultural machinery, Powered turret, Bike, Vehicle, Fish tool, and Various...
                    










 Contact





Heng Feng Bicycle Co., Ltd.


                      Was established in the early 90’s in Taiwan. Passion for bicycles was the motive for its birth, and “ HASA ” the brand of the company, is the proud product of that passion and technical innovation as well.

In the beginning, we focused on the development of folding bicycles. Following the trends of the market and the changes in sporting tastes, Heng Feng adapted to the demands of the customer, and so the company started its business of designing /assembling all kinds of complete bicycle.

By devoting all of its energies, HASA bikes are well equipped with leading brand components & accesso ries.

As far as creativity is concerned, HASA is very much about satisfying the requirements of the rider. In this regard, and as the frame is the soul of the bicycle, so we have engaged in developing...
                    










 Contact





NECO Technology Industry Co., Ltd.


                      NECO - Professional Bike Parts Manufacturers

We at Neco Technology Industry Co. Ltd., founded in 1986 in Taichung, Taiwan, have been in the forefront of machinery tooling design and development. Having acquired more than 30 years of experience in the cycling field, general manager Mr. Neco Wang has been extensively making contributions to not only the growth, development and success of the company, but to the global bicycle industry as well.

In order to offer high quality products and expand plant capacity, we specialize in manufacturing headsets and bottom bracket components. Not only can we cover a wide range of applications and finishes, but we can also extend the capacities of alloy cold forging, steel press, hole taping and CNC finishing, etc.

Starting from 2010, Neco Ltd. has...
                    










 Contact





RAPID HORIZON CO., LTD.


                      ALERO is our Own Branding & Manufacturing from Taiwan, our products has high quality. Welcome to visit our Official Website or eBay store. 
                    













1



B2BChinaSources.com Export Products : From China Bike Manufacturers & Suppliers







Related Categories


Bicycle Accessory
Bicycle Maintenance
Bicycle Manufacturers
Bicycle Parts Manufacturers





Related Items


Beach Cruisers
Trek Bike
Mountain Bike
Electric Bike
Elliptical Bike
Freestyle Bike
Motocross Bike
Chopper Bike
Magnetic Bike
Road Bike
Pocket Bike
Motor Bike
Pit Bike
Mini Bike
BMX Bike
Child Bike
Dirt Bike
MTB Bike





Join This Directory


B2BManufactures.com is the online source of Taiwan and China manufacturers which help global buyers find and do business with 20,000 companies.
Want to join this directory ? Click here to inquire.Not found ideal suppliers yet ? Click here.




 










 





About Us
Our Services
Advertise
Help




My BMS
Post Trade Leads
Selling Leads
Buying Leads




Suppliers
Trade Show
Site Map




Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy



Copyright © 2017, G.T. Internet Information Co.,Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
















 










	Think Real News | Registration approval given to 32 pesticide technical in China in March 2015































Trusted Market and Commodities-Trade Intelligence













Login










Search








Home


Trade Intelligence


China Trade Analysis


M-To-B IE Analysis


Global IE Database


Price Tracking




Market Monitoring


Reports


Articles


About Us


Overview


Services


Methodology




Contact










 








 

Think Real News



                Think Real press releases and industry coverage






                        Registration approval given to 32 pesticide technical in China in March 2015 

                        on April 17, 2015
                        in Agrochemicals by Think Real



According to statistics of the Institute for the Control of Agrochemicals, Ministry of Agriculture (ICAMA), altogether 32 pesticide technical were approved for the registration, not including renewable registrations in March 2015.
 
Table 11: Newly approved registrations for pesticide technical in China, March 2015
 
 




Category


Product


Content


Registrant


Total 
Number




Herbicide


glyphosate 
ammonium


95.5%


Jiangxi Jinlong Chemical Co., Ltd


8




Zhejiang Jinfanda Bio-Chemical Co., Ltd.




ethoxysulfuron


96%


Shandong Weifang Rainbow Chemical Co., Ltd.


4




flucarbazone-Na


95%


Jiangsu Agrochem Laboratory 


3




s-metolachlor


96%


Anhui Zhongshan Chemical Co., Ltd.


14




iodosulfuron-
methyl-sodium


91%


Chengdu Gold Medal Agrochemicals Co., Ltd.


3




glufosinate-
ammonium


95%


Changshu Pesticides Factory Co., Ltd.


33




95%


Fuhua Tongda Agro-chemical
 Technology Co., Ltd.




MCPA-sodium


98%


Mesa Tech International Inc.


2




nicosulfuron


95%


Anhui Yinong Chemical Co., Ltd.


48




florasulam


98%


Anhui Zhongshan Chemical Co., Ltd.


15




triafamone


93.6%


Bayer Cropscience Co., Ltd.


1




Insecticide


thiacloprid


97.5%


Shandong United Pesticide Industry Co., Ltd.


3




spinosad


92%


Zhejiang Shenghua Biok Biology Co., Ltd.


8




lambda-
cyhalothrin


65%


Jiangsu Changlong Chemicals Co., Ltd.


44




pymetrozine


97%


Jiangxi Hegongye Jinpin Biotechnology Co., Ltd.


26




nitenpyram


98%


Shandong United Pesticide Industry Co., Ltd.


5




Fungicide


thifluzamide


98%


Hangzhou Udragon Chemical Co., Ltd.


14




iprodione


96%


Jiangsu Jialong Chemical Co., Ltd.


9




difenoconazole


95%


Sinochem Ningbo (Lianyungang)
 Chemicals Co., Ltd.


28




captan


95%


Luzhou East Agrochemical Co., Ltd.


8




trifloxystrobin


97%


CAC Nantong Chemical Co., Ltd.


3




flutriafol


95%


Sinon Chemical (China) Co., Ltd.


8




fluazinam


97%


Jiangsu Youjia Plant Protection Co., Ltd.


9




bacillus subtilis


1,000 billion
 CFU/g


Zhejiang Tonglu Huifeng Biosciences Co., Ltd. 


8




famoxadone


98%


Limin Chemical Co., Ltd.


8




98.5%


Shaanxi Xi'an Meibang Co., Ltd.




sedaxane


95%


Syngenta Crop Protection Co., Ltd.


2




boscalid


97%


Shaanxi Xi'an Meibang Co., Ltd.


5




penflufen


95%


Bayer Cropscience Co., Ltd.


1




Nematicide 


paecilomyces
 lilacinus


20 billion 
spores/g 


Jiangxi Tianren Ecology Co., Ltd.


3




Hygienic Insecticide 


heptafluthrin


93%


Youth Chemical Co., Ltd.


3




 
 
Source: ICAMA
 
-ENDS-

 
 
NOTES TO EDITORS
 
 
 
 China Pesticide Industry Overview 2014
 
Think Real is making efforts to research domestic pesticide situation in 2014 throughout comprehensive aspects. In the report of China Pesticide Industry Overview_ 2014, it is concerned with policies, top 10 events, pesticide registration, production, price, import & export, market demand, merger & acquisitions and R&D in domestic industry. In addition, the report has presented basic situations on planting area of crops and pests & diseases in China, provide convenience to recognize China’s pesticide more comprehensively.
 
 
 
About Think Real 
 
Think Real is a trusted market & commodities-trade intelligence provider that focuses on providing professional and unbiased global trade data and research, company analysis, latest industry market dynamic and database service to help enterprise clients with strategies issues and business development.
 
 
 
For further details, please Contact Us.
 
 
 
Related Reports
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
THINK REAL Report_Supply and demand of indoxacarb in China 2014
 
THINK REAL Report_China glyphosate industry market report 2014
 
China Glyphosate Export Overlook 2014
 
China Paraquat Export Overlook 2014
 
 
 











                        1195 Views





                Tagged With: Registration Monitor




Search 
Categories



Agrochemicals (611) 

Crop Processing (96) 

中国农化新闻 (15) 


 Archives


2017


July (13)

June (10)

May (7)

April (12)

March (14)

February (7)

January (13)


2016


December (15)

November (17)

October (10)

September (15)

August (16)

July (19)

June (14)

May (19)

April (22)

March (19)

February (8)

January (16)


2015


December (19)

November (21)

October (19)

September (26)

August (29)

July (28)

June (19)

May (26)

April (25)

March (63)

February (13)

January (20)


2014


December (22)

November (21)

October (18)

September (22)

August (13)

July (10)

June (27)



 
Tags
ABACHEM
Anhui Guangxin 
Arysta
Azoxystrobin
Baolingbao
BASF
Bayer
Bayer CropScience 
Beijing Yoloo
CAAS
carbendazim
CAS
CCPIA
ChemChina
Chlorpyrifos
CNSA
COFCO Biochemical
Company Dynamic
Corn
Crop and Seed
Dow AgroSciences
DuPont
environmental protection
Export
Export and Import
FMC
Fufeng Group
Fuhua Tongda
glufosinate-ammonium 
Glyphosate
glyphsate
GM
Hailir
Hebei Veyong
Henan Lotus 
Huaheng Biotechnology
Huapont-Nutrichem
Hubei Sanonda 
Hubei Xingfa 
Hunan Haili
ICAMA
Insight
IPO
Jiangsu Changqing
Jiangsu Flag 
Jiangsu Huifeng 
Jiangsu Jiujiujiu
Jiangsu Kwin
Jiangsu Lanfeng 
Jiangsu Yangnong
Jingbo
Lianhe Chemical
Lianhetech
Lier Chemical
Limin Chemical
Longlive Biotechnology
lysine
Market Dynamic
Meihua Bio 
Metaflumizone
MIIT
MOA
Nanjing Redsun 
Nantong Jiangshan
NATESC
NEEQ
Nippon Soda
Noposion
Nutrichem
Output
paraquat
pesticide
pesticides
Pests and Diseases
Policy
Price
Project Dynamic
Project Monitor
QHT
Redsun
Registration 
Registration Monitor
Rotam
Sanonda
Seed
Shandong Luba
Shenghua Biok
Shenzhen Noposion 
Sichuan Hebang 
Sinochem
Sipcam
soybean
Star Lake Bioscience
Sugar
Syngenta
VB2
Weifang Rainbow
Wheat
xanthan gum
Xiwang Food 
Zhejiang Wynca
Zhejiang Xinnong
Zhongbao Lvnong
百草枯
草甘膦














Think Real Corp.
Think Real is a trusted market and commodities-trade intelligence provider that focuses on providing professional and unbiased global trade data and research, company analysis, latest industry market dynamic and database service to help enterprise clients with strategies issues and business development.




COMPANY

About us | Think Real News | Contact



SERVICES


Price Intelligence | 
                            Trade Intelligence | 
                            Market Monitoring | 
                            Reports | 
                            Free Newsletter






contact@think-real.com
+86-20-85270802
+86-20-85270803

            	Follow Us
                


>
                





Copyright 2017 by Think Real Corp
 | 粤ICP备14005739号-1


















List of Global Freewheel Companies 










Search


Welcome Guest, Join Free / Sign In
Home Categories Countries My Companiess Add My Company Free    Share:



Global Companies ›› freewheel





MING SUEY PRECISION CO.,LTD Freewheel,,,.Address:No.1,Lane 394,Sec 6,Changlu Rd.,Fanshe Tsun,Fuhsing Hsiang,Changhua Hsien 506,TaiwanNINGBO RED LAND TRADE CO., LTD. bicycle parts,BicycleParts(Freewheel),Other Accessories,Chainwheel,BicycleParts(Chainwheel),.Address:xingpu, Ningbo, Zhejiang, ChinaShandong Overwell International Economy & C... bicycle parts,flanges,spoke,chain,saddle,pump,e-horn,tyre,freewheel,pedal,derailleur,.Address:BLD 5-1-401,No.750 Xinyu Rd., New & High Tech Development Zone, Jinan, Shandong, ChinaGuangzong County Zhengyu Bicycle Tyre Co., Ltd. Tyres,Bike Parts,Kid Products,Rubber Products,Cycle Parts,lint remover,warm bag,Alarm,porcelain,tyre, tube,unfoldable bike,Foldable bike,Pump and Lock,swing car, kid tricycle,saddle,freewheel,mudguard,basket,wheel,rim,spoke,brake cable,crank,cotter pin,cup,axle,pedal,ring ….Address:Fengzhai Industrial Zone,Fengzhai Town,Guangzong County,Hebei Province,China.MSN:wonderloving hotmail.comHAILIN CHAIN WHEEL CO china chain wheel Pedal, BB axle &, cup, Chain, Steel ball, Freewheel, Hub & spindle, Spoke &.Address:NINGBO, CHINA Ningbo Zhejiang ChinaMeibang Bicycle Industry Co.,Ltd t o sell bicycle, freewheel.Address:shengshan industry zone Ningbo Zhejiang 315323 ChinaNingbo Sunrun Industry & Trade Co., Ltd. bicycle parts derailleur freewheel, chainwheel, cranks.Address:Shengshan Industry Zone, Cixi, Ningbo Zhejiang 315323 ChinaHE BEI HAI PENG CO, LTD bicycle & parts, saddle, hub, tire, pedal, chainwheel&crank, freewheel tubes and other accessories, they are our brand products .besides,.Address:086, Xingtai, Hebei, ChinaNachang Overrunning (Beijing) Clutch Co., Ltd Freewheel.Address:de sheng men wai street Beijing Beijing ChinaASIACYCLE INDUSTRIES FREEWHEEL,HUIBS,FORK FITTING,,,.Address:D50 FOCAL POINTChangzhou Dinghao Precision Machine Co., Ltd. back stop,cam clutch,overrunning clutch,one way bearing,one way clutch,one way bearing,one way clutch,overrunning clutch,cam clutch,motorcycle clutch,roller bearing,freewheel,sprag cage,backstop,bearing cage,sprag roller,bearing,starting clutch,,,.Address:The Jinjia lndustrial Zone Yancheng Road,Hutang Town-Changzhou City,Jiangsu ProvinceCixi Yuqiu Vehicle Industry Co., Ltd freewheel, derailleur sets, grip shifter,Freewheel,Derailleur Sets,Grip Shifter,.Address:shengshan, cixi, zhejiang, ChinaDelta Service Co., Ltd. bicycle / motorcycle parts, tyre/tube, chain, spoke, pedal, saddle, chainwheel & crank, freewheel, rim, stem, bulb, lamps, levers/switches, mirrors,Wheel Barrow,.Address:B107-110, NO.30, TAIQING ROAD, Qingdao, Shandong, ChinaCIXI CITY JIATENG VEHICLE INDUSTRY CO.,LTD. bicycle freewheel,.Address:SHENGSHAN, NINGBO, ZHEJIANG, ChinaGuangzong Zhongzhou Bicycle Parts Factory Kids bicycle,MTB bike,Folding bike,Bicycle Parts,baby tricycle,Childrens Bicycle,bmx bicycle,baby tricycle,Balance bike,Adult Bicycle,Folding Bicycle,Mountain Bicycle,Bicycle Basket,Bicycle Brake,Bicycle Rim,Bicycle Saddle,Bicycle light,Bicycle Pedal,Bicycle Tires/Tyres,Bicycle ….Address:Guangzong County Ping Zhaixiang Chau Village Middle SchoolYuyao Mei Xiang Plastic bicycle hub series freewheel peddal , quick release etc bicycle spare parts,.Address:shibu cun, Yuyao, zhejiang, ChinaCixi Dafeng Bicycle Co., Ltd. bicycle parts, bicycle brake lever, cantilever brake, caliper brake, v-brake, pedal, steel hub, freewheel, head parts, other accessories,.Address:Shijia Village Zonghan Street, cixi, zhengjiang, ChinaHebei Shuanglong Bicycle Industry Co., Ltd bicycle part, : axle, axle cup, cable, pump, basket, saddle, pedal, crack, freewheel etc.,.Address:Pingxiang, Xingtai, Hebei, ChinaXingtai Shangmei Industrial Trade Co., Ltd bicycle parts, saddle.pedal, bicycle basket, , foot pump.bicycle rims, freewheel, baby seat, rain cover ,,Bicycle Saddle,Saddle,.Address:hegumiao west bridge,pingxiang country, xingtai city, hebei province, ChinaZECCMA Bicycle Tools,Repair Stand,Tools Kits,Tire Levers,Freewheel/Cassette/BB tools,.Address:16F, No. 18-5, Sec. , Meichung W. Rd, West District 


1 2 3 4 5 Next Last 



Browse by RegionChina Freewheel India Freewheel Taiwan Freewheel Related ProductbicyclebrakeBrakeschildren bicyclebicycle accessoriesBrake caliperbicycle tireleversValve Stem 
New Companies

Yiwu Ningxin Daily Commodity Co.,LtdMAX MIXER CO., LIMITEDHangzhou YOYI Industrial Co.,LtdDongyang WeiKa Hose Co.,LtdTOPSEN TECHNOLOGY LLCXiamen Mileland International Trade Co., Ltd. / Xiamen Milestone International LimitedUNIQUE FASHIONS(uae)Toropro Air ConditioingVersatile Shade SolutionsB2B-deutschland.com / JW Business Services Agency 

 



Add your free listing Browse Countries Categories Mobile Version Contact Us © 2015 Companiess.com
 




Composite Materials Manufacturers



















Home
Categories
Regions
Products
Trade Leads
Company Reviews
My Account



Welcome, GuestSign InSign Up

PositionHome - Composite Materials - List





Related TagsAdvanced Materials22 Carbon Fiber133 Carbon Fiber Cloth8 Carbon Fiber Products76 Changshu City54 Composite Material39 Composite Materials72 Composite Panel53 Fiber Fabric5 Fiber Reinforced Plastic10 Frp30 Frp Grating25 High Quality Products6113 Huning Highway7 Inorganic Pigments41 International Quality System1406 Iso9001 Quality System136 Jiangyin City92 Jinhua City68 Manhole Cover35 Metallic Materials98 Molded Grating6 Other Related Products2042 Producing248 Production Equipment122 Products22037 Professional Manufacturer1448 Quality Assurance System757 Quality System Certificate234 Rearview Mirror28 Seamless Steel Tubes125 Specialized1295 Sports Equipment233 Term Business Relationships1594 Yangtze River261 Zhejiang Province2889





Taizhou Gusen Fiber hoisting Technology Co., Ltd.
we are a new type of enhanced high-tech enterprises , mainly engaged in weaving and producing the composite materials,.such as carbon /Kevlar /glass/basalt fiber fabric ,tape,sheet,tube and ect.
Telephone+86-523-86936448AddressNo.158Industrial park Diaopu Street,Gaogang district ,Taizhou City ,Jiangsu Province ,China


Yangzhou Hengyi Composite Materials Co.,ltd
we are specialized in producing FRP sheets and FRP sandwich Panels, Truck Body Panels.Our products mainly serve the RV,refrigerated truck body,Scaffolding industry.Quality and service are vell organized.
Telephone0086 15150379006AddressDinggou Industry Park,Yangzhou,Jiangsu


Xiamen Comate Composite Materials Co.,Ltd
Xiamen Comate Composites Co.,Ltd was established in 2008, located in the beautiful town of Xinglin, Jimei District, Xiamen.It collected development, production, sales, is committed to research carbon fiber The company.
Telephone86 592 6259386AddressNo.50 Xingxi Rd,Xibin Street


Chengdu Foresight Composite Co.,Ltd.
Chengdu Foresight Composite Materials Co., Ltd., affiliated to Sichuan Foresight Industry Group, is one of the few systematic composite material manufacturing enterprises in China ...
Telephone+86 02884211015AddressLongtan Industrial Park of Chenghua District,Chengdu City,Sichuan,China


Hubei Yulong Jinli New Materials Co.,Ltd
Established in 2011, Hubei Yulong Group Jinli New Materials Co., Ltd specializes in manufacturing & exporting FRP (Fiberglass Reinforced Polymer) composite products, our main p...
Telephone0086-0717-7805388AddressYiling district, Yichang city, Hubei, China


Laiwu Exceeding Composite Materials Co., Ltd
Polyester non woven needle punched carpet and by products Printed carpet Corridor carpet Exhibition carpet Jacquard carpet Brushed carpet Entrance mat PVC mat Car carpet Geosynthetics Auto upholstery fabric.
Telephone86-634-8860598AddressLaiwu, Shandong, China


Civen International Inc.
Civen International, Inc.was established in 1998.We specialize in developing, producing and circulating metallic materials.Up to now, our business has covered North and South American, European and Asian markets.
Telephone86 21 5635 1345 ext.AddressNo.185 Jiaoji Rd,Putuo District,Shanghai,China


VIC Advanced Materials Co.,Ltd.
VIC Advanced Materials Co. ,LTD. is an innovative enterprise specializing in carbon fiber composite materials and other composites. After years of development ,VIC Advanced Materia...
Telephone86-25-52135698AddressNo.518 Shangyuan Street,Dongshan District,Nanjing City,Jiangsu Province,China


Jiangyin City Kewei Plastic Co.,Ltd
　　　Established at May of 2003, Jiangyin City KeWei Plastic Co.,Ltd.Is the largest Projection Screen Fabric Manufactory in China. We located on No.10 Dong Lin Road ,Dong Lin I...
Telephone+86 15852652555AddressNo.10 Donglin Road ,Donglin Industry Park , Zhouzhuang Town,Jiangyin City ,Jiangsu Province ,China .


Hunan Timelion Composite Materials Co.,Ltd
We manufacture FRP manhole cover, rain grating, gully tops and tree grilles which are made from composite materials.all our products with ISO/EN124/SGS approved!.
Telephone86-731-84731596-8666AddressNO.38 Renmin Road, Changsha City, China


Vidatech Composite Materials Co.,Ltd.
From 2007, specialist with partners, through many years of experience based on filament winding process ,manufacture equipment for producing GRP (FRP) pipe, GRE pipes , GRP (FRP) t...
Telephone+86 1063844692AddressBLK 17.NO.14 BEIDAJIE


Qingdao Daison Composite Materials Co.,ltd
Qingdao Daison Composite is an innovative, new competitor in the FRP and composite Industry.Our staff have a total of 20 years experience in the field, with knowledge of the product is second to none.
Telephone8653287807375AddressFengyuan Rd,Qingda Industry Park


Changshu Jinyi Composite Materials Co.,ltd
Changshu Jinyi Composite Materials Co.,ltd, is a professional manufacturer of fiberglass board ,FRP decorative panel and FRP sandwich panel serving the building industry, RV industry, commercial truck and body and equipment facility e.
Telephone0512-52215787AddressMeili town, Changshu city


Jiangsu Toptek Composite Materials Co., Ltd.
Jiangsu Toptek Composite Materials Company Limited is specialized in the production and sale of fiberglass , glass reinforced plastics products and carbon fiber products. We also s...
Telephone86-513-87307123AddressQifeng West Road


Changzhou Ruben Composite Materials Co., Ltd.
We are a professional enterprise specialized in the R&D, production, sales and service of motorcycle back mirrors. Since we were founded in 2005, our company has constantly abs...
Telephone86-519-86865222AddressLingjiatang Xinzha Town,Changzhou,Jiangsu, ChangZhou, Jiangsu, China (Mainland)


Karyon (Jinhua) Advanced Materials Co., Ltd.
Karyon (Jinhua) Advanced Materials Co., Ltd.is a Sino-foreign joint venture, located in Jinhua City in the center of Zhejiang Province, with strategic location and convenient transportation.
Telephone86-0579-82521221AddressNo.167 Gongmao Street Qianxi Township Wucheng District, Jinhua, Zhejiang, China (Mainland)


Wuxi Zhenda Energy Equipment & Technology Co., Ltd.
Wuxi Zhenda Energy Equipment & Technology Co., Ltd.was set up in November, 2009.We are a wholly owned subsidiary invested in by Jiangsu Zhenda Steel Group.Our company invested RMB50 million at preliminary stage.
Telephone86-510-68902570AddressWu Xi City Guang Shi Road West Of Huangshi bridge, wuxi, Jiangsu, China (Mainland)


Zhenghong Rubber & Plastic Co., Ltd.
Zhenghong Rubber & Plastic Co., Ltd. is located in Datang Industry Park, Dalingshan Town, Dongguan City, and was founded in Sep. 2008. Our company has more than 3,500sqm of sel...
Telephone86-769-82787988AddressJ Building,Yuansing Industry Park,Datang Village,Dalinshan Town,Dongguan City., DongGuan City, Guangdong, China (Mainland)


Nantong Super Composite Material Co., Ltd.
Nantong Super Composite Material Co., Ltd. is a manufacturer specializing in FRP molded grating, pultruded grating, handrails and fittings. Since the establishment in 1995, Superfr...
Telephone86-513-88127111AddressGuanyuan Village,Xingfu town, Gangzha district, Nantong city, Nantong, Jiangsu, China (Mainland)


Qingdao Huaxuan New Composite Material Science & Technology Co., Ltd.
We were established in January, 2010 and are located in Jinling Industrial Park, to the north of 204 National Way, Chengyang District, Qingdao.We are near Jiqing High Speed Way and Jiaozhou Gulf High Speed Way.
Telephone86-532-80653698AddressNorth Side of 204 National Road,Jihongtan Block, Chengyang District,Qingdao, Qingdao, Shandong, China (Mainland)



[1/41234Next]



Refine by Categories

Agriculture35021
Apparel39507
Automobiles & Motorcycles38312
Business Services74758
Chemicals28415
Computer Hardware & Software22936
Construction & Real Estate58698
Consumer Electronics27064
Electrical Equipment & Supplies22732
Electronic Components & Supplies10747
Energy8681
Environment6436
Excess Inventory1139
Fashion Accessories19140
Food & Beverage52013
Furniture & Furnishings35589
General Industrial Equipment9990
General Mechanical Components7625
Gifts & Crafts19709
Hardware7910
Health & Medical12329
Home & Garden43136
Home Appliances6338
Lights & Lighting16156
Luggage, Bags & Cases10111
Manufacturing & Processing Machinery14415
Measurement & Analysis Instruments4542
Minerals & Metallurgy29232
Office & School Supplies12523
Packaging & Paper16784
Beauty & Personal Care15422
Printing & Publishing15282
Rubber & Plastics16263
Security & Protection6435
Service Equipment10858
Shoes & Accessories7462
Sports & Entertainment24068
Telecommunications7963
Textiles & Leather Products35851
Timepieces, Jewelry, Eyewear24540
Tools7659
Toys7378
Transportation13644






Calculator - Charm Bracelet - Container Trailer


About Us - Contact Us - Privacy Policy - Daily Updates - Report Abuse


Copyright 2008-2017 © All Rights Reserved
Global Trades From Here






Electrical Equipment & Supplies Manufacturers - Page 63



















Home
Categories
Regions
Products
Trade Leads
Company Reviews
My Account



Welcome, GuestSign InSign Up

PositionHome - Electrical Equipment & Supplies - Page 63





Related RegionsAustralia270 Bangladesh168 Brazil112 Cameroon24 Canada421 China4881 Egypt150 France107 Germany278 Hong Kong958 India2905 Indonesia454 Iran236 Italy194 Japan102 Malaysia468 Mexico80 Netherlands84 Nigeria282 Pakistan490 Philippines156 Poland127 Russian Federation120 Saudi Arabia114 Singapore334 South Africa316 South Korea537 Spain158 Taiwan888 Thailand197 Turkey683 Ukraine69 United Arab Emirates334 United Kingdom1248 United States2562 Vietnam169





Zhengzhou Xingdi Foreign Trade Co., Ltd.
Xingdi is a professional manufacturer and trader of diamond tools, synthetic diamond powder with well-equipped testing equipment and strong technical force.With a wide range, good ...
Telephone86-371-86010579AddressRoom 1403,International Trade plaza,Huayuan Road,Jinshui District,Zhengzhou,Henan,China, Zhengzhou, Henan, China (Mainland)


Ningbo Praise Import And Export Company Limited
We are a foreign trade company, which deals with such products as Cookware, Game Sets, Power tools, Calculators, outboard motors, Kitchen appliances, Playing Cards, Skateboards, Sc...
Telephone86-574-87739090Address9-4 No.168,Baizhang road,Jiangdong,Ningbo, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China (Mainland)


Zhongshan City Old Town Gaotang Stage Lighting Plant
Zhongshan City Old Town Gaotang Stage Lighting factory is a high-tech enterprise which combines research ,manufacture and sale. Our company mainly produces LED high power flood lig...
Telephone86-760-22382495AddressNo.47 Chang'an Road,Guzhen,Zhongshan City,Guangdong, Zhongshan, Guangdong, China (Mainland)


Weifang Century Solarbright Industry Co., Ltd.
Weifang Century Solarbright Industry Co., Ltd. (short for SBIT) is specializing in all kinds of angle steel towers, steel tube poles ,substation structures and tower crane. Our fac...
Telephone86-536-6480356AddressEast Section of Shunwang Avenue, Shunwang St.,Zhucheng City, Weifang, Shandong, China (Mainland)


Shanghai Sunpai Trading Limited
Founded in 2004, SHANGHAI SUNPAI TRADING LIMITED. is a major supplier of solar products in China. Our products have Solar Cell Solar panel ;Solar Camping Lantern; Solar Lighting sy...
Telephone0086-21-37693680AddressRoom 1606,Jiahe Sunshine Buliding,No.76 Jiuxin Road,Songjiang District,201615 Shanghai P.R.C., Shanghai, Shanghai, China (Mainland)


Hangzhou Huading Import & Export Co., Ltd.
Huading Group Co., Ltd.is involved in manufacturing full range of rigid and flexible printed circuit boards of different base materials, such as Aluminum-backed, FR1-4, CEM-1-3, etc.
Telephone86-571-63697837AddressUnit D, World Trade Centre, No.122 Shuguang Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, P.R. China Country, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang, China (Mainland)


Shenzhen Fable Jewellery Technology Co., Ltd.
Established in 2006, Shenzhen Fable Jewellery Technology Co., Ltd. is a factory. Our products are Gem test series. Our products include Gem Microscopes, Gem Refractometers, Table S...
Telephone0086-755-89583846AddressNO.18 Xuegang North Road,Bantian,Longgang District,Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China (Mainland)


Shanghai Shangzhen Vibrator Motors Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Shangzhen Vibrator Motors Co., Ltd. is a professional company which has been specializing in manufacturing vibrator motors for more than 20 years. We have a team of excell...
Telephone86-21-57242083Address1385, Weichang Road, Shanyang, Jinshan District, Shanghai, China, shanghai, Shanghai, China (Mainland)


Guangzhou Occren Energy Technology Co., Ltd.
Guangzhou Occren Energy Technology Co., LTD is a high-tech industrial company established in 1993 owns more than 1000 staffs which specialized in researching,developing,manufacturi...
Telephone86-20-13802406683AddressLiwan district, Guangzhou, China, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China (Mainland)


Shanghai Main Precision Tools Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Main Precision Tools Co., Ltd.is leading and professional manufacturer of metal cutting tools (CBN inserts, Carbide inserts, Grinding Wheel) and Super Abrasives (CBN powder, diamond powder) in China.
Telephone0086-21-33926487Address#1107, No.58 Changliu Road, Pudong District,, Shanghai, Shanghai, China (Mainland)


Zhucheng Meibang Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhucheng Meibang Machinery Co., Ltd.is located in Zhucheng, which is the economical, cultural and communication hub in Northern China and a major industrial and cultural city with historical importance.
Telephone86-0536-6059007AddressMizhou St., Zhucheng, Shandong, China (Mainland)


Shenzhen Dijie Electronics Technology Limited
Shenzhen Dijie Electronics Technology Co.,Ltd.was established in 2000, a comprehensive enterprise specialized in R&D, Manufacturing and sales.Dijie Electronics provide energy saving products with high efficiency.
Telephone86 755 3661 5630Address6F,No.6 building,Liantang Industrial Zone,Danzhutou,Buji, Longgang,Shenzhen,GD, China


AVRchina Business Co.,LTD
AVRCHINA designs, develops, manufactures and exports a full range of quality AV accessories such as LCD plasma TV mount and bracket, plasma TV stand, universal AV mount shelf syste...
Telephone6772697AddressRoom 1523, Blue Sky Hotel. JinglingXi Road, Kaifa District, Pingxiang, Jiangxi, China


Shenchao Transducer Co., Ltd.
Shenchao Transducer Co., Ltd. is a high tech leader specialized in the design, manufacture and maintenance of B-mode medical ultrasound probes. Our company has a strong R & D t...
Telephone86-755-33953393-810AddressWest Section of The 5th Floor, The 5th Building,Hongfa Jiateli Hi-Tech Park, Tangtou Avenue, Shiyan Town,Bao'an District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China (Mainland)


Zhejiang Huyar Electric Co., Ltd.
Zhejiang Huyar Electric Co., Ltd is specializing in manufacturing crimping, cutting and stripping tools, such as crimping tools, wire strippers, cable cutters, hydraulic crimping t...
Telephone86-577-61522528AddressNingkang west road,Yuecheng, Yueqing, Zhejiang, China (Mainland)


Zhejiang Jianda Electrical Appliances Co., Ltd.
Conveniently located in Ciwu Economic Development Zone in Zhuji, Zhejiang, Zhejiang Jianda Electrical Appliance Co., Ltd. occupies a total area of 25,000 square meters, with 18,000...
Telephone0086-0575-89006186Address103# North Hangjin Road,Ciwutown, shanxin, Zhejiang, China (Mainland)


Xuzhou Hengda Electronic Co., Ltd.
Established in 2004, Xuzhou Hengda Electronic Co., Ltd. is a professional high tech enterprise based in Xuzhou, enjoying convenient transportation access. We are fully committed to...
Telephone86-0516-85950655AddressJianguo Road, Xuzhou City, the people home 1-10-03, XUZHOU, Jiangsu, China (Mainland)


Suzhou Aohuahang Antistatic Electronics Co., Ltd.
Founded in 2006, Suzhou Aohuanghang Antistatic Electronics Co., Ltd.specializes in manufacturing all kinds of cleaning swabs, wipers, face masks, gloves and other consumables.Our company is located in Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province, China.
Telephone86-400-6696139AddressNo.588 BinHe Road, High-Tech District, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China (Mainland)


Suzhou Listrong Mechanical & Electrical Co., Ltd.
LISTRONG Mechanical & Electrical Co., Ltd. is a professional wire and cable production equipment manufacturer integrating development, design, whole plant planning and technica...
Telephone86-512-66731698,1340AddressNO. 1 HAIDA ROAD BEIQIAO, XIANGCHENG DISTRICT, SUZHOU, CHINA, SUZHOU, Jiangsu, China (Mainland)


Shenzhen Jin Da Wei Industrial Co., Ltd.
Shenzhen JinDaWei Industrial Co.,Ltd.was established in 1998,subordinate Lighting Business Unit: independent research and development production high efficiency drive power and lam...
Telephone86-755-27512086,1382Address1/F West ,Block B,Third Industrial Zone Hua Yang Technology Industry Park, GuShu,XiXiang,BaoAn,ShenZhen China, shenzhen, Guangdong, China (Mainland)






Refine by Categories

Batteries3039
Circuit Breakers423
Connectors & Terminals1103
Contactors50
Electric Power Tools1357
Electrical Ceramics42
Electrical Plugs & Sockets190
Electrical Product Agents211
Electronic & Instrument Enclosures292
Fuse Components16
Fuses39
Generators3893
Insulation Materials & Elements139
Motor Parts61
Motors407
Power Accessories49
Power Distribution Equipment278
Power Supplies2176
Professional Audio, Video & Lighting697
Radio & TV Broadcasting Equipment213
Relays98
Switches2227
Transformers365
Wires, Cables & Cable Assemblies3967
Wiring Accessories688
Other Electrical Equipment690






Electrical Equipment & Supplies - Knit Fabric - Lighting Fixture


About Us - Contact Us - Privacy Policy - Daily Updates - Report Abuse


Copyright 2008-2017 © All Rights Reserved
Global Trades From Here






Composite Materials Manufacturers - Page 2



















Home
Categories
Regions
Products
Trade Leads
Company Reviews
My Account



Welcome, GuestSign InSign Up

PositionHome - Composite Materials - Page 2





Related TagsCarbon Fiber133 Chopped Strand Mat55 Composite Material39 Composite Materials72 Cpo56 Edible Oil214 Fiberglass Products86 Filters174 Flower Pot174 Frp Products68 High Quality Products6113 Industrial Co Ltd3965 Industry Co Ltd4373 Insulating Materials39 Insulation Materials138 International Quality Standards3664 Iso9001 Quality System136 Latex Products41 Manhole Covers74 Manufacturing Company399 Optical Fiber Cable97 Plastic Products1498 Private Enterprise120 Procurement278 Production Lines441 Products22037 Related Products2198 Sandwich Panels107 Science464 Sdn Bhd3189 Self Adhesive Tape72 Shenzhen City803 Silicone Products270 Stabilizers42 Sustainable Development46 Trading Co1539





Dongguan Macauto Neoprene Ltd.
Dongguan Macauto Neoprene Ltd. was founded in May, 2003, located in Pinghu Town, Shenzhen City. Our company mainly deals with diving materials. Our company has accumulated many yea...
Telephone86-0769-82072488AddressFengping Road,Five union Village,Fenggang Town,Dongguan City, dongguan, Guangdong, China (Mainland)


Avin New Materials Co.,Limited
Avin New Materials Co.,Ltd is a high-tech company focusing on researching,producing,marketing and exporting the composite materials(GRP/FRP) products and intensive plastics products.
Telephone0086 15388910677AddressNo.351 Shaoshan Middle Road,Changsha,Hunan,China


Hangzhou Longfly Trading Co., Ltd.
Hangzhou Longfly Trading Co., Ltd.is a private high-tech import & export enterprise focused on the R&D, production and marketing of composite materials.At present, our company concentrates on the production of bullet-proof ceramics.
Telephone86-571-81600096AddressRoom2111,No.83,Qiutao North Road,Hangzhou City,Zhejiang Province,China, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China (Mainland)


Klimiz Engineering Enterprise
We are manufacturing company of high quality FRP product.Willing to accept reservations discuss products or services based composite materials.
Telephone60-03-31764752AddressLot 35, Blok 1, Lebuh Sultan Mohammed 1, Klang, Malaysia


Wuxi Meibang Forging&Stamping Co., Ltd.
Wuxi meibang Forging&Stamping Co.Ltd located on Taihu Shore is a specialized metal forming.cool and hot processing enterprise.equipped with 15000KN,3500KN and 3150KN double act...
Telephone86-0510-13812082096AddressQianzhou collection central area of Industry,Wuxi, wuxi, Jiangsu, China (Mainland)


Guangzhou Zhaoshun Material Technology Co., Ltd.
Guangzhou Zhaoshun Material Technology Co., Ltd.is a high-tech private enterprise, integrating the research and development, production and sale of simulation organosilicon products, electronic appliances and automobile modules.
Telephone86-020-88896845Addressdongguan, guangzhou, Guangdong, China (Mainland)


INTEGRATED OIL & GAS
Shanghai Saige Composite Materi5a8als, specializes in production of Edible oil and used Oil.As member of FGMC(Fiberglass Grating Manufacturers Council) Shanghai Saige Composite Materials Co.
Telephone962-31-315164015AddressLATTAKIA-5a8Syria P. O. BOX. 6, Syria, Jordan


DODGE INDUSTRIAL CO LTD
DODGE INDUSTRIAL CO LTD specializes in the design, manufacture and process of composite materials. Our business includes the process and sale of composite materials (such as glass ...
Telephone886-5-2682294AddressNO.33, Lane 199, Jhonghua Rd.,Shueishang Township, Chiayi County 60848, Taiwan, Chiayi County, Taiwan


Ali Trading Co
Ali Trading Co is located in iran, we are the carbon fiber, composite materials supplier.
Telephone98-21-12398745AddressUnit 3, building# 701, Vali Asr Street5a8, Tehran, Iran (Islamic Republic of)


O.COX Composite Materials  Co.,ltd
We，O.COX Composite Material Co.，ltd. is the Chinese Leading manufacturer and exporter of recyclable wood plastic composite（WPC） materials， have invented the idea of high-...
Telephone+86-572-2260128AddressXiangyi Industrial Science and Technology Park, Gangnan Road, Fenghuang Economic Development Zone, Huzhou, Zhejiang, China.


Beijing Cuicun Jingbei Win Yip Composite Material Factory
Beijing Cuicun Jingbei Win Yip Composite Material Factory was established in 1993. As a professional manufacturer producing composite materials and FRP products, we are located in ...
Telephone86-010-60725388AddressNo. 4, Southern 7th District, Xixinfeng Industrial Area, Cuicun Town, Changping District, Beijing, Beijing, China (Mainland)


China Elec Electric Equipments Co., Ltd.
China Elec Electric Co, Ltd.is the unique manufacturer in China for both insulation materials and transformers.It was set up in 2008 on the basis of Xujue Electrician Insulated Materials Co.
Telephone86-374-5699991,56995AddressXuJue Industry Zone, Zhangpan, Xuchang city, China, Xuchang, Henan, China (Mainland)


Nanjing Well-Grounded Plastic Science & Technology Co., Ltd.
Nanjing Well Grounded Plastic Science &Technology CO., LTD. is established by some talents on the basis of Nanjing HuiEn Company. We are devoted to developing and providing mod...
Telephone86-25-52120657AddressNo.33 Qinhuai Road,Jiangning District,Nanjing,China, Nanjing, Jiangsu, China (Mainland)


Zhangjiagang Huaxin Composite Materials Co., Ltd.
Zhangjiagang Huaxin Composite Materials Co., Ltd. is a professional company engaged in the composite material production. With years of effort and improvement, we have introduced t...
Telephone86-512-58350958,1395AddressMasi Village, Luyuan, Tangqiao Town, Zhangjiagang, Jiangsu, Chin


Silhouette GROUP, s.r.o.
High quality GRP products from the heart of Europe. Our company continues in more than 40 years tradition of the composite materials manufacturing in SKODA Pilsen. We produce both ...
Telephone00420-377-945 780AddressDysina 297, Dysina, Pilsen, Czech Republic


Wujiang Wellbrand Prefabricated Houses Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Wujiang Wellbrand Prefabricated Houses Manufacturing Co., Ltd. is located in Wujiang City, Jiangsu Province, Zhenze Town. We are professional engaged in the activities of the housi...
Telephone86-512-60388306AddressZhujiabang,Zhenze town  Wujiang city, suzhou, Jiangsu, China (Ma


Vedco Resources Sdn. Bhd
Our business is focused on the trade representation of buyers, sellers and manufacturers who are engaged in various business activities such as trading and manufacturing of industrial and non-industrial products and services.
Telephone60-12-4311805Address89 Jalan Kempas 1 / 5, Taman Kempas Indah, Kulim, Kedah, Malaysi


Qinhuangdao Yaoxing Navigation Aids Technology Co., Ltd.
Qinhuangdao Yaoxing Navigation Aids Technology Co., Ltd.is located in Golden Triangle Economic District, the beautiful seashore city - Qinhuangdao, Hebei Province, with convenient transportation, beautiful environment and abundant products.
Telephone86-335-6309990,13933AddressShengfa Industry Park, Economy & Technology Development Zone


Dodge Industry Co., Ltd.
Dodge industry Co., ltd. Specializes in design, manufacturing and processing of composite materials. The business items include the processing and sales of composite materials (suc...
Telephone886-5-2682294AddressNo. 33, Lane 199, Jhonghua Rd. , Shueishang Township, Chiayi Cou


JuNeng Composite Materials Co.,Ltd
JuNeng Composite Materials Co., Ltd, one of the FGRP leading companies, is specialized in the Fiberglass Products.By years deeped profesional research and development, we are glowing one of largest Exporters in our local place.
Telephone886-02-5589223Address1661. NO, heping, gaoxiong, Taiwan, Taiwan



[2/4Prev1234Next]



Refine by Categories

Agriculture35021
Apparel39507
Automobiles & Motorcycles38312
Business Services74758
Chemicals28415
Computer Hardware & Software22936
Construction & Real Estate58698
Consumer Electronics27064
Electrical Equipment & Supplies22732
Electronic Components & Supplies10747
Energy8681
Environment6436
Excess Inventory1139
Fashion Accessories19140
Food & Beverage52013
Furniture & Furnishings35589
General Industrial Equipment9990
General Mechanical Components7625
Gifts & Crafts19709
Hardware7910
Health & Medical12329
Home & Garden43136
Home Appliances6338
Lights & Lighting16156
Luggage, Bags & Cases10111
Manufacturing & Processing Machinery14415
Measurement & Analysis Instruments4542
Minerals & Metallurgy29232
Office & School Supplies12523
Packaging & Paper16784
Beauty & Personal Care15422
Printing & Publishing15282
Rubber & Plastics16263
Security & Protection6435
Service Equipment10858
Shoes & Accessories7462
Sports & Entertainment24068
Telecommunications7963
Textiles & Leather Products35851
Timepieces, Jewelry, Eyewear24540
Tools7659
Toys7378
Transportation13644






Burdock - Caulking Gun - Coin Sorter


About Us - Contact Us - Privacy Policy - Daily Updates - Report Abuse


Copyright 2008-2017 © All Rights Reserved
Global Trades From Here






Suzhou Alienozo Electric Technology Co., Ltd., China (Mainland), Trading Company, Sell123.org







 


Sign in, Post My Company, Join free!



USA | China | Japan | Germany | France | UK | Brazil | Italy | Russia
Manufacturer | Trade | Wholesaler | Agent | Buyer



Hot: Rice | Furniture | electronics | Laptops | mobile phones | shoes | Sugar | T-shirts | computers | Cement | accessories | garments | Iron Ore ...
Suzhou Alienozo Electric Technology Co., Ltd.
Home > China (Mainland) (291530) > Jiangsu (25804) > TaiCang (169)



Company Introduction
Company Details
Related Suppliers
Main Products




Suzhu Alienozo Electric Technology Co., Ltd., is a high-tech enterprise integrating research and development, production and sale. Since our establishment, our company has launched many kinds of particular driver sets and engines, and we have applied for four national patents. The patent of magnetic force drive engines for electrical cars has been awarded by the National Innovation Fund.Our company will follow the development of the electric engine industry on the basis of market demand. We will try our best to supply high quality, high reliability and cost effective products and all-around industry solutions by technological innovation and product research.Our company will expand the application of electrical engines actively, and enhances integrated strength as well as core competitiveness.

Company NameSuzhou Alienozo Electric Technology Co., Ltd.
Business TypeTrading Company
Main Productscarbon e bike,bike,e bike,mountain bike,city bike
Registered AddressNo. 6, Beijing West Road, Economic Development Zone, Taicang, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China (Mainland)
Legal FormLimited Liability Company with Sole Individual Investor
Registration No.320585000216770
CityTaicang
Province/StateJiangsu
Country/RegionChina (Mainland)
Company Websitehttp://www.zlienozo.cn
GenderMr.
Telephone8**************8  View all, please login
Street AddressWest Beijing Road, NO.6
sell123 URLhttp://www.sell123.org/company/China-Mainland/1514515.htm


Suppliers By Region
In JiangsuSuZhou(2994)Changzhou(2913)wuxi(2813)Nanjing(2146)ZHANGJIA...(1501)NANTONG(1370)Yangzhou(1313)Jiangyin(1063)Changshu(787)Yancheng(771)Xuzhou(603)Kunshan(532)danyang(517)Yixing(508)Zhenjiang(485)Wujiang(452)Lianyung...(362)Jingjiang(178)TaiCang(169)huaian(167)suqian(154)zhangjia...(152)Taixing(148)Xinghua(119)Rugao(113)HAIMEN(111)WUXI CITY(97)Jiangdu(92)jintan(81)Yangzhong(73)suzhou c...(72)Danyang ...(69)liyang(69)qidong(68)In China (Mainland)Guangdong(89786)Zhejiang(69856)Jiangsu(25804)Shandong(21709)Fujian(14392)Shanghai(13213)Hebei(9019)Henan(5882)Beijing(4392)Tianjin(3323)Anhui(3257)Liaoning(2911)Hubei(2495)Shaanxi(2173)Hunan(2012)Sichuan(1935)Jiangxi(1657)Chongqing(1636)Guangxi(1331)Shanxi(655)Yunnan(369)Jilin(302)Heilongj...(281)Inner Mo...(194)Gansu(126)Guizhou(118)Hainan(100)Xinjiang(94)Ningxia(89)



By Business Type
In TaiCangManufacturer(143)Trading Company(83)In JiangsuManufacturer(21551)Trading Company(14323)Wholesaler(973)Agent(606)Buyer(284)In China (Mainland)Manufacturer(232295)Trading Company(167254)Wholesaler(16101)Agent(7658)Buyer(4057)




Related Suppliers By Main Products
bike (341)China (Mainland) (132)Jinhua Comfort  Vehicle  Co., Ltd.Ningbo Nanyang  Vehicle  Co., Ltd.Tianjin Meibang  Bicycle  Industr...mountain bike (158)China (Mainland) (57)Nantong Hanjin Sporting  Fitness ...Guangzhou Chaoyi Bicycle Industri...Xingtai Feitian  Bicycle  Co., Ltd.




Copyright © 2014 Sell123.org. All rights reserved. 







Electrical Equipment & Supplies Manufacturers



















Home
Categories
Regions
Products
Trade Leads
Company Reviews
My Account



Welcome, GuestSign InSign Up

PositionHome - Electrical Equipment & Supplies - List




Related ProductsElectrical Equipment & Supplies
















Related Trade LeadsElectrical Equipment & Supplies

Sellsell ndfeb magnet
Sellmicrocomputer belt cutting machine
SellKailh Pocket RGB Mechanical Numpad
SellHD-1080K12 Digital Multi-Media Player
Sell5V 0.5W Small Solar Panel
SellMilitary connectors and Aviation Plug
SellAdhesive, Glue Dispenser
SellSJ1200 1.0kw GASOLINE GENERATOR
Sell150Wh Portable Lithium Solar Power Generator
Sell230v 24v toroidal power transformer
SellDiesel Generator with Perkins , cummins engine
SellCopper and chrome based materials




Related RegionsAustralia270 Bangladesh168 Brazil112 Cameroon24 Canada421 China4881 Egypt150 France107 Germany278 Hong Kong958 India2905 Indonesia454 Iran236 Italy194 Japan102 Malaysia468 Mexico80 Netherlands84 Nigeria282 Pakistan490 Philippines156 Poland127 Russian Federation120 Saudi Arabia114 Singapore334 South Africa316 South Korea537 Spain158 Taiwan888 Thailand197 Turkey683 Ukraine69 United Arab Emirates334 United Kingdom1248 United States2562 Vietnam169





Molveno Oem Service
Molveno Service Switches Everel Signal Lux Dreefs Giem Kautt & Bux Cable Gland Fasteners Power Cord Rocker Switch Push Button Switches Waterproof Switches.
Telephone+39051 625 9110AddressVia Cicogna 129 San Lazzaro di Savena (BO)


Pakson India Private Limited
PAKSON -The label for your cable. A new enterprise set up under the fresh leadership of young entrepreneurs with a vision to make quality affordable. A young face on the MAKE IN IN...
Telephone+919818951901AddressPLOT NO 8 C DAMODAR PARK INDUSTRIAL AREA DELHI 110095


Crosswords General Trading LLC
Crosswords Dubai is a online E-commerce website.we also deal in wholesale products like: office and home furniture, electronics, computer and laptop, Network, security and communication devices.
Telephone971 566918008Address102/17, SPECTRUM BUILDING, OUD METHA,P.O. BOX # 191987 DUBAI – UAE.


Wenzhou Elendax Electrical Co.,Ltd.
Wenzhou Elendax Electrical Co., Ltd is located at Wenzhou, China. It has more than 15 years experince in manufacturing electrical appliance, such as wall switch, socket, plug, exte...
Telephone86-13967798776Address650# Haigong Avenue,Haicheng Street,Longwan,Wenzhou


Henan Xinchang Copper Co., Ltd
Henan Xinchang Copper Co., Ltd locates in Gongyi Industrial Cluster District in 2001, with registered capital RMB 101 180 000 Yuan, covering an area of 40800 square meters. We are ...
Telephone86-371-55083768AddressJinshui Road,zhengzhou


MAX FIRE (INDIA)
Established in the Year 2002, Max Fire (INDIA), with the extreme efforts of Mr.Amit Malhotra, we are today leading suppliers & manufacturer of Office Automation Systems products and Fire Safety Products & Equipments in all over Punjab.
Telephone9814097361AddressBhadur ke Road, St. No. 6, Banda Bhadur Nagar, Ludhiana - 141013. Punjab ( INDIA )


Nanjing Polar Light Technology Co.,Ltd
Polar Light Technology Co.,Ltd is a professional equipment manufacture for AOI and Micro Probe testers. As An innovative enterprises,it integrated research/manufacture/sell togethe...
Telephone+86-13924642932Address#3128 JiYin Blvd,JiangNing District, Nanjing City, JiangSu Province, PRC(210000)


Shenzhen UnitPackPower Technology Co., Ltd
UPP is a professional lithium ion battery, ebike battery manufacturer. Our product range: frog battery, bottle battery, rear rack battery, silverfish battery, dolphin battery, etc....
Telephone86-18665370971Address3rrd Floor, A Building, Bafangyuan Science Park, Shiyan,Bao'an, Shenzhen, China


Nanjing Haitian Car Wash Machinery Co., Ltd.
Nanjing Haitian Car Wash Machinery Co., Ltd. was built in 1992, which is the first professional manufacturer of fully automatic car wash machine. The company implements modern mana...
Telephone+8618226629892AddressNo. 100, East Shiyang Road, Baixia District, Nanjing, China


Shijiazhuang Suin Instruments Co., Ltd
SUIN was founded in 1966, and has been concentrating on the development and manufacture of electronic test and measurement instruments.In 1990, SUIN developed the first DDS Arbitrary Waveform Generator in China.
Telephone8631183897147AddressA-2, Optical Valley Park,No.99 Yuyuan Road, Luquan District,Shijiazhuang,050200,China


Guangdong Prostar New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.
Prostar Solar is one of division from Guangdong Prostar New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.(Old Company Name: Foshan Prostar Science & Technology Development Co.,Ltd.), which is an enterprise jointly invested by the U.
Telephone+86 0757 81285488AddressNo.1 ShijieLang Road, Lianhe Industrial Zone West Two Zone, Luocun, Nanhai, Foshan, Guangdong, China


Radin Electric Technology Co., Ltd
Radin Electric Tech. Is China's ATS industry leading manufacturer of low voltage electrical equipment. The company pride itself on the cut the edge R D ability our featured pr...
Telephone+86(577) 57156212AddressNo.319 Latitude 18th Road, Economic Development Zone, Yueqing City, Zhejiang, China.


Dongguan NBC Electronic Technological Co. Ltd.
Leading manufacturer in the field of high current power connector and cable assemblies.
Telephone+86 18925538002AddressDongguan City


Pacific Century Electronic
Pacific Century is specialized in industrial automation and building intelligent high-tech enterprises.We are committed to providing you with high quality world-class automation products and comprehensive automation system solutions.
Telephone1510615009AddressNo.99, Jiyuan Road, Jimei District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province


Young Fine HK Trading CO., LTD
Young Fine HK Trading Limited is a Chinese manufacturer and exporter of Bulb lighting products,we have our factory for bulb production (Haining Xushi Bulb Facotry) We have more than 20 years with the bulb lighting business.
Telephone8657387866010Addressliangfeng village,dingqiao town,haining city,Jiaxing City,zhejiang province,china


Asia Star Electric
Asia Star Electric is one of the leading company in Myanmar. We distribute high quality Electrical product such Transformers, Circuit Breakers, Control Panels, Power Cables etc. We...
Telephone6593830204AddressNo.6, Yae Gu Station Street, Mayangone, Yangon


US Automation Controls LLC
US Automation Controls LLC (USAC) is a small business enterprise located in Springfield, NJ, USA. We are an American enterprise and carry with it an entrepreneurial team spirit. Al...
Telephone+1 (973)-376-6315Address535 Morris Avenue, Suite 7, Springfield, NJ 07081


IWATA BOLT CO.,LTD
Iwata Bolt is the general manufacturer of Screws, Bolts, Nuts, Special parts and Fastening component for Household Appliance, OA Equipment, Automobile and so on.
Telephone+81-3-3493-0211Address2-32-4 Nishi Gotanda, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo


Dongguan Feilang Battery Co.,LTD
Dongguan Feilang Battery Co.,Ltd was founded in Dongguan Guangdong province in 2008, after 2010 we had set up factory in Hunan which cover area of 30000 square meter. We are specia...
Telephone+86-18926803206AddressZhongqiao Building Qifeng Road Guangchen Dongguan Guangdong China


Beijing Creative Lianjie Network Technology Co., Ltd
WELCOME TO BEIJING CREATIVE LIANJIE NETWORK Operating since 2000 PROCET, ( Beijing Creative Lianjie Network Technology Co.,Ltd) estblished in 2000. PROCET mainly R&D on the PoE...
Telephone86 10 8287 3031AddressNo.2228, XianFeng Building, Shangdi Kaituo Road No. 7, Haidian District, 100083, Beijing, P.R. China



[1/11371234567891011Next]



Refine by Categories

Batteries3039
Circuit Breakers423
Connectors & Terminals1103
Contactors50
Electric Power Tools1357
Electrical Ceramics42
Electrical Plugs & Sockets190
Electrical Product Agents211
Electronic & Instrument Enclosures292
Fuse Components16
Fuses39
Generators3893
Insulation Materials & Elements139
Motor Parts61
Motors407
Power Accessories49
Power Distribution Equipment278
Power Supplies2176
Professional Audio, Video & Lighting697
Radio & TV Broadcasting Equipment213
Relays98
Switches2227
Transformers365
Wires, Cables & Cable Assemblies3967
Wiring Accessories688
Other Electrical Equipment690






Electrical Equipment & Supplies - Clamshell Card - Cotton Lace


About Us - Contact Us - Privacy Policy - Daily Updates - Report Abuse


Copyright 2008-2017 © All Rights Reserved
Global Trades From Here


















Fungicides China News 201101.pdf by Guangzhou CCM Information Science & Technology Co., Ltd. - issuu



















































issuu company logo
issuu












            Explore
        






                        Categories
                    


                                Arts & Entertainment
                            



                                Style & Fashion
                            



                                Home & Garden
                            



                                Business
                            



                                Travel
                            



                                Education
                            



                                See all categories
                                







                        Collections
                    


                                Top Picks
                            



                                Generators
                            



                                Hygge
                            



                                Feminism
                            



                                Zines
                            



                                Makers
                            






                        Find More
                    


                                Plans & Pricing
                            



                                Community
                            



                                Help & Support
                            



                                About issuu
                            









            Publisher Plans
        




















Close







                        Categories
                    


                                Arts & Entertainment
                            



                                Style & Fashion
                            



                                Home & Garden
                            



                                Business
                            



                                Travel
                            



                                Education
                            



                                See all categories
                                







                        Collections
                    


                                Top Picks
                            



                                Generators
                            



                                Hygge
                            



                                Feminism
                            



                                Zines
                            



                                Makers
                            






                        Find More
                    


                                Plans & Pricing
                            



                                Community
                            



                                Help & Support
                            



                                About issuu
                            












        Sign up
    

        Sign in
    

        Sign in
    













Xingtai Modern Bicycle Co., Ltd., China (Mainland), Manufacturer, Sell123.org







 


Sign in, Post My Company, Join free!



USA | China | Japan | Germany | France | UK | Brazil | Italy | Russia
Manufacturer | Trade | Wholesaler | Agent | Buyer



Hot: Rice | Furniture | electronics | Laptops | mobile phones | shoes | Sugar | T-shirts | computers | Cement | accessories | garments | Iron Ore ...
Xingtai Modern Bicycle Co., Ltd.
Home > China (Mainland) (291530) > Hebei (9019) > xingtai (572)



Company Introduction
Company Details
Related Suppliers
Main Products




Xingtai Modern Bicycle Co.Ltd is founded in 1996, which is located in the north of China Bicycle Component Plaza. We professionally design and manufacture bicycles, children bicycles, mountain bicycles, and all kinds of bicycle components, such as Bike Saddle, Seat post,chainwheel&cranks,Fork,Chain,Suspension,Rim,Tire,Pedal,Brake,Handlebar,Spoke,Derailleur,Hub and so on.  Our factory has exported bicycles and parts to many countries since 1997. Over 13 years' efforts, both domestic and foreign clients have recognized our products well, and our Modern bicycle has got highest reputation in the bicycle field.  After the use of high-tech product testing equipment, and believe the concept of Integrity-based, quality first, our products met good quality standards. Now most of our products are exported to Europe, Japan, Mid-east, Asia, and Africa, which has always been favored by our customers.  We hope to create a harmonious future with you! Welcome to china! Welcome to visit our factory!

Company NameXingtai Modern Bicycle Co., Ltd.
Business TypeManufacturer
Main ProductsBike, Bicycle, Children bicycle, Pedal, child bike, Saddle, Hub, Frame, Rim, kids bike, children bike, child bicycle, Freewheel, Basket, Handlebar, Tire, Chainwheel, Crank, Mudguard, Spoke
Total No. Employees51 - 100 People
Legal OwnerMr. Xiuen Hu
Company CertificationOthers  
Registered AddressNorth Of Fuqiang Street,Guangzong County, Xingtai, Hebei, China (Mainland)
Year Established2006 
Legal FormLimited Liability Company
Registration No.130531000000877
Registered CapitalRMB  200,000
Factory LocationNO.8 INDUSTRY AREA GUANGZONG COUNTRY
Factory Size10,000-30,000 square meters
Contract ManufacturingOEM Service Offered   Design Service Offered   Buyer Label Offered  
No. of Production Lines3
Total Annual Sales VolumeUS$2.5 Million - US$5 Million
Export Percentage51% - 60%
CityXINGTAI
Province/StateHebei
Country/RegionChina (Mainland)
Company Websitehttp://www.xiandaibike.cn
Contact PersonMr. Eric Yao
Telephone8*************5  View all, please login
Mobile1*********5  View all, please login
Fax86-319-7218019
Street AddressNo.8 of industrial Zone
Zip Code054001
sell123 URLhttp://www.sell123.org/company/China-Mainland/32485.htm


Suppliers By Region
In HebeiShijiazh...(2140)Cangzhou(940)baoding(832)Hengshui(787)xingtai(572)Langfang(415)Tangshan(366)Anping(262)Handan(195)Qinhuang...(192)Renqiu(162)bazhou(134)Botou(127)Jinzhou(126)HEJIAN(103)Shijiazh...(81)Qinghe(71)cangzhou...(64)Hengshui...(49)Baoding ...(46)Botou City(42)Dingzhou(37)Anping C...(36)Jinzhou ...(36)zhuozhou(34)Langfang...(33)Xingtai ...(32)Gaobeidian(31)Xinji(30)In China (Mainland)Guangdong(89786)Zhejiang(69856)Jiangsu(25804)Shandong(21709)Fujian(14392)Shanghai(13213)Hebei(9019)Henan(5882)Beijing(4392)Tianjin(3323)Anhui(3257)Liaoning(2911)Hubei(2495)Shaanxi(2173)Hunan(2012)Sichuan(1935)Jiangxi(1657)Chongqing(1636)Guangxi(1331)Shanxi(655)Yunnan(369)Jilin(302)Heilongj...(281)Inner Mo...(194)Gansu(126)Guizhou(118)Hainan(100)Xinjiang(94)Ningxia(89)



By Business Type
In xingtaiManufacturer(470)Trading Company(392)In HebeiManufacturer(7361)Trading Company(6224)Wholesaler(369)Agent(177)Buyer(64)In China (Mainland)Manufacturer(232295)Trading Company(167254)Wholesaler(16101)Agent(7658)Buyer(4057)




Related Suppliers By Main Products
Bike (341)China (Mainland) (132)Jinhua Comfort  Vehicle  Co., Ltd.Ningbo Nanyang  Vehicle  Co., Ltd.Tianjin Meibang  Bicycle  Industr...HebeiXingtai City Boda Bicycle Co., Ltd.Xingtai Lanying Bicycle Trade Co....Xingtai Sanjian Electric Bicycle ...XINGTAIXingtai Tongyu Bicycle Co., Ltd.Xingtai Hongnai Bicycle Co., Ltd.Xingtai Aositing Bicycle Parts Co...Bicycle (653)China (Mainland) (306)Xingtai Messi Imp.&Exp. Trade...Zhejiang Bao Gui Lai  Vehicle  Co...Tianjin Sanqiang Electric  Vehicl...Hebei (52)Xingtai Hengpeng  Bicycle  Indust...Xingtai Tianzheng  Bicycle  Co., ...Hebei Haipeng  Bicycle  Co., Ltd.XINGTAI (40)Xingtai Messi Import And Export T...Xingtai Tianlun Bicycle Manufactu...Guangzong County Chuanyue Bicycle...Saddle (134)China (Mainland) (66)BRD  Traffic  Equipment (Kunshan)...Xingtai  City  Tianyuan  Bicycle ...Xingtai City Tianyuan  Bicycle  C...Hebei (40)Hebei Starley Bicycle Co., Ltd.Xingtai Yatong Bicycle Industry C...Hebei Yasailiao Vehicle Co., Ltd.XINGTAI (36)Guangzong County Light Bicycle Pa...Xingtai Feixiang Bicycle Co., Ltd.Hao Wang Guangzong County Vehicle...Hub (146)China (Mainland) (71)Shenzhen Yikangle  Technology  Co...Ruian Allgood  Auto Parts  Co., L...Chongqing Feida Surface Treatment...HebeiXingtai City Joinone Trading Co.,...Xingtai Haihong Cycle Co., Ltd.Xingtai Yibo Cycle Co., Ltd.Frame (403)China (Mainland) (218)Shijiazhuang Hotsun  Printing  Ma...Shenzhen Ou Shi Mei  Oil  Paintin...Pujiang Lvshen  Gifts Trade  Co.,...Rim (143)China (Mainland) (100)Fujian Zhengshun  Automobile Whee...Shenzhen Huasheng Sports Co., Lim...Guangrao Yongzheng  Auto  Parts C...Basket (371)China (Mainland) (192)Guangxi Bobai Xinmao Arts And  Cr...Guangxi Bobai Jia Xiang Arts  And...Putian Newpower Arts &  Craft...HebeiHebei Shenpeng Bicycle Co., Ltd.Guangzong Hongchen Bicycle Co., L...Hebei Tongyi Bicycle Co., Ltd.XINGTAIXingtai Fengheng Bicycle Co., Ltd.Guangzong Feixiang Bicycle Co., L...Hebei Jinlun Bicycle Co., Ltd.Tire (394)China (Mainland) (223)Hexian Tianhong  Trade  Co., Ltd.Qingdao Phillaya International  T...Qingdao Foremaster  Rubber  Co., ...




Copyright © 2014 Sell123.org. All rights reserved. 




