


Industry - Wikipedia






















 






Industry

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about industry in relation to economics. For other uses, see Industry (disambiguation).






This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (February 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs attention from an expert in Economics. The specific problem is: The article should be split according to different meanings of the word "industry". See the talk page for details. WikiProject Economics may be able to help recruit an expert. (December 2015)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)






GDP composition of sector and labour force by occupation in the form of any component to economy. The green, red, and blue components of the colours of the countries represent the percentages for the agriculture, industry, and services sectors, respectively.


Industry is the production of goods or related services within an economy.[1] The major source of revenue of a group or company is the indicator of its relevant industry.[2] When a large group has multiple sources of revenue generation, it is considered to be working in different industries. Manufacturing industry became a key sector of production and labour in European and North American countries during the Industrial Revolution, upsetting previous mercantile and feudal economies. This came through many successive rapid advances in technology, such as the production of steel and coal.
Following the Industrial Revolution, possibly a third of the world's economic output are derived that is from manufacturing industries. Many developed countries and many developing/semi-developed countries (People's Republic of China, India etc.) depend significantly on manufacturing industry. Industries, the countries they reside in, and the economies of those countries are interlinked in a complex web of interdependence.



Contents


1 Classification

1.1 ISIC


2 Industrial development
3 Deindustrialisation
4 Society
5 Industrial labour
6 War
7 List of countries by industrial output
8 See also
9 References
10 Bibliography
11 External links



Classification[edit]
Main articles: Economic sector and Industry classification
Industries can be classified in a variety of ways. At the top level, industry is often classified according to the three-sector theory into sectors: primary (extractive), secondary (manufacturing), and tertiary (services). Some authors add quaternary (knowledge) or even quinary (culture and research) sectors. Over time, the fraction of a society's industry within each sector changes.
Below the economic sectors there are many other more detailed industry classifications. These classification systems commonly divide industries according to similar functions and markets and identify businesses producing related products.
Industries can also be identified by product, such as: construction industry, chemical industry, petroleum industry, automotive industry, electronic industry, power engineering and power manufacturing (such as gas or wind turbines), meatpacking industry, hospitality industry, food industry, fish industry, software industry, paper industry, entertainment industry, semiconductor industry, cultural industry, and poverty industry.
Market-based classification systems such as the Global Industry Classification Standard and the Industry Classification Benchmark are used in finance and market research.
ISIC[edit]
Main article: International Standard Industrial Classification
The International Standard Industrial Classification (ISIC) of all economic activities is the most complete and systematic industrial classification made by the United Nations Statistics Division.[3]
ISIC is a standard classification of economic activities arranged so that entities can be classified according to the activity they carry out. The categories of ISIC at the most detailed level (classes) are delineated according to what is, in most countries, the customary combination of activities described in statistical units, considering the relative importance of the activities included in these classes.
While ISIC Rev.4 continues to use criteria such as input, output and use of the products produced, more emphasis has been given to the character of the production process in defining and delineating ISIC classes.
Industrial development[edit]




Optimized logistics have enabled the rapid development of industry. Here is a thermal oxidizer during the industrial shipping process.






A factory, a traditional symbol of the industrial development (a cement factory in Kunda, Estonia)


The Industrial Revolution led to the development of factories for large-scale production, with consequent changes in society.[4] Originally the factories were steam-powered, but later transitioned to electricity once an electrical grid was developed. The mechanized assembly line was introduced to assemble parts in a repeatable fashion, with individual workers performing specific steps during the process. This led to significant increases in efficiency, lowering the cost of the end process. Later automation was increasingly used to replace human operators. This process has accelerated with the development of the computer and the robot.
Deindustrialisation[edit]
Main article: Deindustrialisation




Colin Clark's sector model of an economy undergoing technological change. In later stages, the Quaternary sector of the economy grows.


Historically certain manufacturing industries have gone into a decline due to various economic factors, including the development of replacement technology or the loss of competitive advantage. An example of the former is the decline in carriage manufacturing when the automobile was mass-produced.
A recent trend has been the migration of prosperous, industrialized nations towards a post-industrial society. This is manifested by an increase in the service sector at the expense of manufacturing, and the development of an information-based economy, the so-called informational revolution. In a post-industrial society, manufacturers relocate to more profitable locations through a process of off-shoring.
Measurements of manufacturing industries outputs and economic effect are not historically stable. Traditionally, success has been measured in the number of jobs created. The reduced number of employees in the manufacturing sector has been assumed to result from a decline in the competitiveness of the sector, or the introduction of the lean manufacturing process.
Related to this change is the upgrading of the quality of the product being manufactured. While it is possible to produce a low-technology product with low-skill labour, the ability to manufacture high-technology products well is dependent on a highly skilled staff.
Society[edit]
Main article: Industrial society
An industrial society can be defined in many ways. Today, industry is an important part of most societies and nations. A government must have some kind of industrial policy, regulating industrial placement, industrial pollution, financing and industrial labour.
Industrial labour[edit]




A female industrial worker amidst heavy steel semi-products (KINEX BEARINGS, Bytča, Slovakia, c. 1995–2000)


Main article: Industrial labour
Further information: industrial sociology, industrial and organizational psychology, industrial district, and industrial park
In an industrial society, industry employs a major part of the population. This occurs typically in the manufacturing sector. A labour union is an organization of workers who have banded together to achieve common goals in key areas such as wages, hours, and other working conditions. The trade union, through its leadership, bargains with the employer on behalf of union members (rank and file members) and negotiates labour contracts with employers. This movement first rose among industrial workers.
War[edit]




The assembly plant of the Bell Aircraft Corporation (Wheatfield, New York, United States, 1944) producing P-39 Airacobra fighters


Main article: Industrial warfare
The Industrial Revolution changed warfare, with mass-produced weaponry and supplies, machine-powered transportation, mobilization, the total war concept and weapons of mass destruction. Early instances of industrial warfare were the Crimean War and the American Civil War, but its full potential showed during the world wars. See also military-industrial complex, arms industry, military industry and modern warfare.
List of countries by industrial output[edit]
Main article: List of countries by GDP sector composition

Largest countries by industrial output according to IMF and CIA World Factbook, 2016

Economy

Countries by industrial output in 2016 (billions in USD)



(01)  China



4,566



(—)  European Union



4,184



(02)  United States



3,602



(03)  Japan



1,368



(04)  Germany



1,050



(05)  India



672



(06)  South Korea



531



(07)  United Kingdom



505



(08)  France



478



(09)  Italy



442



(10)  Russia



424



(11)  Canada



424



(12)  Brazil



392



(13)  Indonesia



376



(14)  Australia



355



(15)  Mexico



346



(16)  Spain



312



(17)  Saudi Arabia



276



(18)  Turkey



232



(19)  Taiwan



191



(20)  Poland



180




The twenty largest countries by industrial output in 2016, according to the IMF and CIA World Factbook.



See also[edit]

North American Industry Classification System
North American Product Classification System
Standard Industrial Classification
Industry information
Industrial Revolution
Outline of industry

References[edit]



^ Industry | Define Industry at Dictionary.com Archived 2014-02-04 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "'Definition of Industry' Investopedia". Archived from the original on 2017-07-24. 
^ ISIC (Rev.4)
^ More, Charles (2000). "Understanding the Industrial Revolution". London: Routledge. Archived from the original on 2011-08-14. 



Bibliography[edit]

Krahn, Harvey J., and Graham S. Lowe. Work, Industry, and Canadian Society. Second ed. Scarborough, Ont.: Nelson Canada, 1993. xii, 430 p. ISBN 0-17-603540-0

External links[edit]

 The dictionary definition of industry at Wiktionary
 Media related to Industries at Wikimedia Commons
 Quotations related to industry at Wikiquote







v
t
e


Major industries






Heavy
Light








Activism
Advertising
Aerospace

Space


Aircraft

Aircraft tire


Agriculture

Flowers
Horticulture
Coffee


Audiovisual
Alcohol
Anime
Arms
Automotive
Bicycle
Biotechnology
Chemical
Computer
Construction

Dredging


Content
Creative
Cultural
Education
Electric power
Electronics

Semiconductor


Energy

Renewable energy


Entertainment
Fashion
Film
Financial services

Insurance industry


Fishing
Food

Bushfood


Fur
Gaming

Online gambling


Health care
Hospitality
Information
Language
Leisure
Manufacturing
Meat industry

Meat packing


Mineral
Motorsport
Music
Naval stores
Payment card
Personal care
Petroleum

Oil shale


Pharmaceutical
Plastics
Poverty
Professional services
Pulp and paper
Radio
Real estate

Housing


Online service
Security
Sex
Shipbuilding
Software
Sport
Textile
Tobacco
Tourism
Video game
Water












v
t
e


Technology






Outline of technology
Outline of applied science





Fields




Agriculture



Agricultural engineering
Aquaculture
Fisheries science
Food chemistry
Food engineering
Food microbiology
Food technology
GURT
ICT
Nutrition





Biomedical



Bioinformatics
Biological engineering
Biomechatronics
Biomedical engineering
Biotechnology
Cheminformatics
Genetic engineering
Healthcare science
Medical research
Medical technology
Nanomedicine
Neuroscience
Neurotechnology
Pharmacology
Reproductive technology
Tissue engineering





Buildings and
construction



Acoustical engineering
Architectural engineering
Building services engineering
Civil engineering
Construction engineering
Domestic technology
Facade engineering
Fire protection engineering
Safety engineering
Sanitary engineering
Structural engineering





Educational



Educational software
Digital technologies in education
ICT in education
Impact
Multimedia learning
Virtual campus
Virtual education





Energy



Nuclear engineering
Nuclear technology
Petroleum engineering
Soft energy technology





Environmental



Clean technology
Clean coal technology
Ecological design
Ecological engineering
Ecotechnology
Environmental engineering
Environmental engineering science
Green building
Green nanotechnology
Landscape engineering
Renewable energy
Sustainable design
Sustainable engineering





Industrial



Automation
Business informatics
Engineering management
Enterprise engineering
Financial engineering
Industrial biotechnology
Industrial engineering
Metallurgy
Mining engineering
Productivity improving technologies
Research and development
Tribology





IT and
communications



Artificial intelligence
Broadcast engineering
Computer engineering
Computer science
Financial technology
Information technology
Music technology
Ontology engineering
RF engineering
Software engineering
Telecommunications engineering
Visual technology
Web engineering





Military



Army engineering maintenance
Electronic warfare
Military communications
Military engineering
Stealth technology





Transport



Aerospace engineering
Automotive engineering
Naval architecture
Space technology
Traffic engineering
Transport engineering









Others




Applied
science



Cryogenics
Electro-optics
Electronics
Engineering geology
Engineering physics
Hydraulics
Materials science
Microfabrication
Nanoengineering





Engineering
(list)



Audio
Biochemical
Ceramic
Chemical
Polymer
Control
Electrical
Electronic
Entertainment
Geotechnical
Hydraulic
Mechanical
Mechatronics
Optical
Protein
Quantum
Robotics

Animatronics


Systems














Components



Infrastructure
Invention

Timeline


Knowledge
Machine
Skill

Craft


Tool

Gadget







Scales



Femtotechnology
Picotechnology
Nanotechnology
Microtechnology
Macro-engineering
Megascale engineering





History



Prehistoric technology
Neolithic Revolution
Ancient technology
Medieval technology
Renaissance technology
Industrial Revolution

Second


Atomic Age
Jet Age
Space Age
Digital Revolution
Information Age





Theories and
concepts



Appropriate technology
Collingridge dilemma
Critique of technology
Diffusion of innovations
Disruptive innovation
Dual-use technology
Ephemeralization
High tech
Hype cycle
Low-technology
Mature technology
Strategy of Technology
Technicism
Techno-progressivism
Technocapitalism
Technocentrism
Technocracy
Technocriticism
Technoculture
Technoethics
Technoetic
Technogaianism
Technoliberalism
Technolibertarianism
Technological alliance
Technological apartheid
Technological change
Technological convergence
Technological determinism
Technological escalation
Technological evolution
Technological fix
Technological innovation system
Technological momentum
Technological nationalism
Technological paradigm
Technological rationality
Technological revival
Technological revolution
Technological self-efficacy
Technological singularity

Singularitarianism


Technological somnambulism
Technological transitions
Technological unemployment
Technological utopianism
Technology lifecycle

Technology acceptance model
Technology adoption lifecycle


Technomancy
Technopaganism
Technorealism
Technoromanticism
Technoscience

feminist


Transhumanism





Other



Emerging technologies

List


Fictional technology
High-technology business districts
Kardashev scale
List of technologies
Philosophy of technology

Ethics of technology


Science, technology and society

Technology dynamics
Science and technology by country


STEM fields

Pre-STEM
women


STEAM fields
Technology alignment
Technology assessment
Technology brokering
Technology companies
Technology demonstration
Technology education

Technical universities and colleges


Technology evangelist
Technology fusion
Technology governance
Technology integration
Technology journalism
Technology management
Technology museum
Technology policy
Technology shock
Technology strategy
Technology and society
Technology transfer
Technophilia
Technophobia
Technoself
Technosexual
Technosignature
Technostress
Terotechnology








 Book
 Category
 Portal








Business and economics portal





Authority control



GND: 4026779-9
NDL: 00570111










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Industry&oldid=792132353"					
Categories: IndustryHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse British English Oxford spelling from September 2016Articles needing additional references from February 2009All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing expert attention from December 2015All articles needing expert attentionEconomics articles needing expert attentionWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischАҧсшәаالعربيةAragonésঅসমীয়াAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChiShonaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFiji HindiFrançaisFryskFurlanGaeilgeGalego한국어हिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡКъарачай-малкъарქართულიKaszëbscziҚазақшаKiswahiliKreyòl ayisyenKurdîЛезгиລາວلۊری شومالیLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMirandésМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNovialOccitanОлык марийOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیپښتوPatoisPiemontèisPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVõroWinarayWolofXitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 17:26.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








How They Do It | Industrial Designers Society of America - IDSA










































Skip to main content





Search form

Search 





 





IDSA Logo

 





 




Industrial Designers Society of America 







 



 












How They Do It...

1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9


10


11


12


13


14


15


16


17


18


19


20


21


22


23


24


25


26


27


28


29


30


31


32
1. Idea SketchEmployed at a personal level to quickly externalize thoughts using simple line-work. Also known as Thumbnail, Thinking or Napkin Sketch.2. Study SketchUsed to investigate appearance, proportion and scale in greater detail than an Idea Sketch. Often supported by the loose application of tone/color.3. Referential SketchUsed to record images of products, objects, living creatures of any relevant observations for future reference or as a metaphor.4. Memory SketchHelps expand thoughts during the design process using mind maps, notes and annotations.5. Coded SketchInformal coded representation that categorises information to demonstrate an underlying principle or scheme.6. Information SketchQuickly and effectively communicates features through the use of annotation and supporting graphics. Also known as Explanatory or Talking Sketch.7. Sketch renderingClearly defined proposal produced by controlled sketching and use of color/tone to enhance detail and realism. Also known as First Concept.8. Prescriptive SketchInformal sketch for the exploration of technical details such as mechanisms, manufacturing, materials and dimensions.9. Scenario & StoryboardDescribes interactions between user and product, sometimes in an appropriate context.10. Layout RenderingDefines the product, proposals as a third angle orthographic projection with precise line and color.11. Presentation renderingContains a high level of realism to fully define product appearance as a perspective view. Particularly useful for decision making by non-designers. 12. DiagramSchematic representation of the operating principle of relationship between components. Also knows as a Schematic or Diagrammatic Drawing.13. Perspective drawingDescriptive three-quarter view produced using a perspective drawing technique. Created using line only without the application of color or tone.14. Gen. Arrangement DrawingExterior view all components using line only and with sufficient detail to produce an Appearance Model if required. Usually drawn in third angle projection.15. Detail DrawingContains detail of components for the manufacturing product. Also known as Technical, Production or Construction Drawing.16. Technical IllustrationCommunicates technical detail with a high degree of realism that is sometimes supported with symbols. Includes Exploded views.17. Sketch ModelInformal, relatively low definition 3D model that captures as the key characteristics of form. Also known as a Foam Model for 3D Sketch.18. Design Development ModelSimple mock-up used to explore and visualize the relationships between components, cavities, interfaces, and structures. Usually produced using CAD.19. Functional ModelCaptures the key functional features and underlying operating principles. Has limited or no association with the product's final appearance.20. Operational ModelCommunicates how the product is used with the potential ergonomic evaluation.21. Appearance ModelAccurate physical representation of product appearance. Also known as a Block Model as it tends not to contain any working parts.22. Assembly ModelEnables the evaluation and development of the methods and tools required to assemble products components. 23. Production ModelUsed to evaluate and develop the location and fit a of individual components and sub-assemblies.24. Service ModelSupports the development and demonstration of how a product is services and maintained. 25. Experimental PrototypeRefined prototype that accurately models physical components to enable the collection of performance data for further development. 26. Alpha PrototypeBring together key elements of appearance and functions for the first time. Uses of simulates production materials. 27. Beta PrototypeA refined evolution of an Alpha Prototype used to evaluate ongoing design changes in preparation for the final specification of all components. 28. Systems PrototypeIntegrates components specified for the production item without consideration of the appearance. used to evaluate electronic and mechanical performance. 29. Final Hardware PrototypeDeveloped from the Systems Prototype as a final representation of the product's functional elements.30. Off-Tool ComponentProduct using the tooling and materials intended for production to enable the evaluation of material properties and appearance of components. 31. Appearance PrototypeHighly detailed representation that combines functionality with exact product appearance. Uses or simulates production materials. 32. Pre-Production Prototype Final prototype produced using production components. Manufactures in small volumes for testing prior to full scale production.

    Dr. Mark Evans, Loughborough Design School, UK, with support from IDSA  
 

 































 
Bilfinger Industrial Services USA - Bilfinger Industrial Services USA







HomeGroupContact







 
 







Bilfinger Industrial Services USA






HomeSearchNavigation


CompanyAboutLocationsLeadershipDr. Boudewijn van LentHendrik BormannJohn A. HerrinHSEQSuppliersMarketsChemical Process IndustryIndustrial ManufacturingFood & BeverageConsumer GoodsServicesEngineeringConstructionSite ServicesMaintenanceMaintenance SupportBilfinger Maintenance Concept BMCCareersTalents we needCurrent Openings










Industrial ManufacturingExtensive experience
Chemical Process IndustryLeading engineering and construction services provider
ConstructionComprehensive construction services
EngineeringFull range of servicesIndustrial ManufacturingExtensive experience
Chemical Process IndustryLeading engineering and construction services provider
ConstructionComprehensive construction services
EngineeringFull range of services


WelcomeBilfinger Industrial Services is your source for engineering, industrial, construction maintenance and support services. We specialize in providing turnkey solutions for companies involved in the consumer products, pulp and paper, chemical & petrochemical, food and beverage, and power & energy markets. We offer innovative and reliable services that are focused on producing results and protecting your assets.more
Locationsmore
Servicesmore
ContactBilfinger Industrial Services Inc.15933 Clayton RoadSuite 305Ballwin, MO 63011
Phone: +1.636.391.4500info@bisis-usa.com
Bilfinger Industrial Services USACareers
Maintenance
         Markets
 Concept BMC© 
                     Services
 
                 Management
Locations
About
Food & Beverages
               Engineering













© 2017 Bilfinger Industrial Services USAQuick startCompanyMarketsServicesCareersBilfinger on the webCorporate WebsiteTwitterYouTubeLinkedInFacebookGoogle+FlickrBilfinger Industrial Services USAData privacySitemap




Bilfinger Industrial Services Inc. | 15933 Clayton Road | Ballwin, Missouri 63011 | USA © 2017 Bilfinger Industrial Services USA




























Welcome to Industrial Services of America








































Home | Contact | Employees | Sitemap | Privacy Policy



Thursday, 03 August 2017 













 

















HomeCompanyAbout ISAManagementSalesEnvironmentRecyclingOverviewFerrous/Non-FerrousE-ScrapLocationsServicesLogisticsProcessing CapabilitiesInvestorsInvestor RelationsBoard of DirectorsExecutive ManagementIDSA Stock QuoteChange of AddressCode Of EthicsNominating CommitteeAudit CommitteeCompensation CommitteeCareersNewsPress ReleasesArticles 

























 



 



 



 














 



















 

 








Welcome to Industrial Services of America 

Founded in 1954, ISA has made a profound impact in the scrap recycling industry by becoming one of the first publicly traded waste and recycling companies in the United States. (NASDAQ: IDSA 1969)
ISA is a progressive leader in the metals market,  providing a direct supply of quality material to mills both domestically and abroad.
On an annual basis ISA processes 250,000 tons of ferrous, 18,000 tons of non-ferrous, and 100,000 tons of stainless steel.
Divisions of ISA

Recycling
ISA Pick.Pull.Save
Logistics
Contact us for more information

"At ISA we strive to provide quality service and products, and take pride in every pound."

 
















Forbes 100 Best 2010 & 2011












 








Contact
Industrial Services of America Inc.7100 Grade LaneLouisville, KY 40213502.367.71001.800.824.2144[email protected] 













Copyright © 2017 ISA Inc. All Rights Reserved.
 






 



MFGCO | Industrial Products & Services









 


























































full
without
#666666
http://www.mfgco.com/wp-content/themes/zap-installable/
http://www.mfgco.com/
#00467E
style1
















 



Home










Global Products & Services
Aerospace
Gear & Machining
Industrial
Lubrication
Metal Fabrication
Power Generation






 




































 





 
Industrial Manufacturing Company / Industrial Manufacturing Company International
At IMC & IMCI, we strive to maintain a position of leadership within the industries we serve, through investment in product development, technological advancement and high standards of quality in goods and services. Read More >>
 


Continual Growth



Continual Growth
IMC and IMCI will continue to expand our present holdings through investment in new manufacturing facilities and state of the art machinery and equipment. We will also grow through carefully selected acquisitions while maintaining an exceptionally sound financial base.









Quality Relationships



Quality Relationships
Each IMC and IMCI subsidiary strives to tailor its products and services to the needs of its customers, and each company’s success has been built on the development of enduring customer relationships. We take pride in providing not only quality products of consistently high quality, but also in flexible and responsive service at realistically competitive prices.









Research & Development



Research & Development
Demanding applications require engineered solutions. Each of our companies goes the extra mile to ensure that all aspects of a particular situation are well defined and clearly known before making recommendations for designs that completely satisfy your needs.










Continual Growth



Continual Growth
IMC and IMCI will continue to expand our present holdings through investment in new manufacturing facilities and state of the art machinery and equipment. We will also grow through carefully selected acquisitions while maintaining an exceptionally sound financial base.








Quality Relationships



Quality Relationships
Each IMC and IMCI subsidiary strives to tailor its products and services to the needs of its customers, and each company’s success has been built on the development of enduring customer relationships. We take pride in providing not only quality products of consistently high quality, but also in flexible and responsive service at realistically competitive prices.








Research & Development



Research & Development
Demanding applications require engineered solutions. Each of our companies goes the extra mile to ensure that all aspects of a particular situation are well defined and clearly known before making recommendations for designs that completely satisfy your needs.










 

Subsidiaries
 






 

 













8223 Brecksville Rd., Suite 100, Brecksville, OH 44141    |    Phone: (+1) 440-838-4700 

				Copyright © 2017 IMC/IMCI. All Rights Reserved.			




 
paged
No more posts to load.
Load More Posts
Loading posts...
Helvetica Neue

link_magnifier
#5C5C5C
on



/%postname%/
off














Industrial IoT Automation HMI-M2M Control Monitoring-AIS































(888) 485 - 6688 |Contact Us|





























Intrinsic Safety Technology
Intrinsic safety (IS) is a protection technique for safe operation of electrical equipment in hazardous areas by limiting the energy available for ignition. Intrinsic Safety is one of a few methods available for ex-hazardous areas.

Learn More


 


Multi Touch Technology
The AIS human machine Interface that combines high-performance Projected Capacitive Touch (PCT) technology, multi touch input, long lasting durability, superior optical quality and pinpoint touch accuracy.

Learn More


 


Human Machine Interface Technology
The AIS HMI is engineered to meet your human machine interface requirements using open and standardized interfaces for hardware and software, allowing efficient integration into your automation systems.

Learn More


 


Industrial Ethernet Technology
The AIS operator interface terminals enable supporting multiple industrial networking protocols on a common hardware for open standards HMI platform interoperability, avoiding costly and proprietary solutions.

Learn More


 


HMI Thin Client and Thick Client Technologies
AIS open thin client touchscreen terminals are client-based visualization and control systems that enable visualizing operations, and delivering reliable information to higher-level analytic applications.

Learn More


 


Cleaning In Place Technology
Specialized AIS Industrial panel PCs and operator interface terminals are designed with stainless steel front bezel, food-safe IP66/NEMA 4X sealing materials, and an anti-corrosive and chemical resistant touchscreen.

Learn More






 

 

 

 

 

















Why Choose AIS?
AIS is committed to excellence in exceeding your expectations on every project, using only the best quality products and craftsmanship, reliable and timely customer service, at a highly competitive price. We look forward to the opportunity of demonstrating how a partnership with AIS can help your company accelerate growth and efficiency with your embedded computing and industrial display business.


Enabling your company to focus on relevant core competencies.


Providing operational efficiency in the areas of industrial systems manufacturing, HMI operator terminal solutions.


Improving your company’s ability to provide superior customer satisfaction.



















Our Capabilities



Engineering & Services
Electrical design, software design, mechanical design, environmental design
Learn more »
 

Management & Services
Quality Management, Supply Chain Management and Product Lifecycle Management Capabilities
Learn more »
 

Design & Manufacturing Process
Improving design for manufacturability to achieve high yield and reliability
Learn more »
 

Manufacturing Engineering
Optimizing execution to deliver distinctive solutions and ensure business value
Learn more »
 

Manufacturing Quality Control
Improving quality planning, control and assurance to ensure customer satisfaction
Learn more »>
 

Standards & Solutions
Empowering organizations with innovative tools for managing industry standards
Learn more »>
 

Sales & Services
Adding value to industrial products and services for continued business success
Learn more »
 

Approvals & Certifications
Meeting industrial standards, regulations, demanding specifications to reduce risks
Learn more »
  

 


Benefits of Being a Partner


Meeting Your Needs:
Design Services


Exceeding Your Expectations:
Manufacturing Services


Achieving Your Goals
Time-to-Market






Latest News





Latest Press Releases



AIS’s Industrial PCs and Thin Clients with Open Platform Communications Offer Ruggedness, Reliability and Durability for Cloud Computing Applications
6/27/2016


AIS’s Open Platform Industrial PCs Offer Rugged, Reliable and Scalable Architecture for PC Based Control and Automation Applications
6/20/2016


AIS’s Industrial Panel PCs with Modular Design Platforms Include a Wide Range of Embedded PCs and Touch Displays Solutions for Automation and Control Systems Applications
6/13/2016

View All







Latest Industry News



The Global Smart City Revenue Is Expected to Grow from $36.8 Billion in 2016 To $88.7 Billion by 2025
6/27/2016


Global Revenue from Industrial Pcs Is Forecast to Reach $4.3 Billion in 2019 And to Grow at A CAGR of 6% From 2014 To 2019, According to IHS Inc.
6/13/2016


The IoT Gateways Market Is Expected to Reach USD 12.64 Billion by 2022 From USD 5.69 Billion in 2016, At A CAGR of 14.2% Between 2016 And 2022
6/6/2016

View All




















North American Industrial














































































                      Home
                    





                      About Us
                    





                      Contact Us
                    

























Part Sales


Repairs


Service


Engineering
















































Expert Sales & Service for your CNC

Now for over 23 years you have made us the #1 source, as your CNC solutions provider in North America.

CNC part sales - We stock the largest selection of CNC parts from all the major brands, shipping world wide to any location.

CNC repairs - Our speciality, is fast turn around on all makes and types of CNC controls, drives and motors.

CNC service - Dedicated experienced technicians available for on site troubleshooting, start up and equipment relocation.

CNC engineering - Re configure, interconnect, back up or re program your CNC "is it time to get more out of your CNC"

"Dedicated to improving customer productivity, by providing the best support"
 








                    Mechanical Components
                  



                    Product Search
                  



                    FANUC
                  



                    OKUMA
                  



                    MITSUBISHI
                  



                    SIEMENS
                  



                    YASKAWA
                  



                    INDRAMAT
                  



                    ALLEN BRADLEY
                  



                    GE
                  



                    FUJI
                  



                    Miscellaneous
                  



                    Used CNC Machinery
                  















All Content Copyright NAI 2013
                
                                 • 
                                                
                  Web Design and Content Management System by AlboDigital.com









































































IPA Tools 888-786-7899




















×

HOME 


PRODUCTS ►


PRODUCTS ►
NEW PRODUCTS  


TOOLS ►


TOOLS ►
Hand Tools  
Contact Cleaners/Abrasives  
Lubrication & Maintenance  
Diagnostic  
Parts & Accessories  
Misc  




EQUIPMENT ►


EQUIPMENT ►
Trailer Testers  
Fuel Management  
Tire Maintenance  
DEF Transfer Solutions  
Parts & Accessories  
Misc  


ALL PRODUCTS  





DOWNLOADS ►


DOWNLOADS ►
Catalogs  
Sell Sheets  
Manuals  
Product Announcements  



ABOUT 

CONTACT 

LOCATE A DEALER 

NEW DISTRIBUTORS 
IPA TECH BLOG 





≡ MENU












Manufacturer of Innovative Tools & Equipment(OEM) Original Equipment Manufacturers USA



845-679-4500
Login | My Account











Manufacturer of Innovative Tools & Equipment(OEM) Original Equipment Manufacturers USA
845-679-4500

Login | My Account










HOME


NEW PRODUCTS
ALL PRODUCTS
TOOLS
Hand Tools
Contact Cleaners/Abrasives
Lubrication and Maintenance
Diagnostic
Misc
Parts & Accessories (Hand Tools)EQUIPMENT
Trailer Testers 
Fuel Management
Tire Maintenance
DEF Transfer Solutions
Parts & Accessories (Equipment Line)
Misc
PRODUCTS


Catalogs
Sell Sheets
Manuals
Product Announcements
DOWNLOADS
ABOUT

New Distributors
CONTACT
LOCATE A DEALER

IPA TECH BLOG








FUTURE NOW®
Innovative Products of America (IPA®) is an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) specializing in the development of innovative tools and equipment since 1991. Everything on this site is manufactured by IPA® which is located in Woodstock, New York. IPA® is supported by a dedicated team of electro-mechanical engineers, an experienced global sourcing department, full scale sales and marketing services, and onsite manufacturing. These elements allow IPA® to offer cutting edge solutions, holding true to the company motto, “Future Now®”.
More Info


#9107A
Electric Brake Force Meter With Dynamic Load Simulation And Circuit Testing

						This new technology automatically recognizes the electronic signature of both Integrated (ITBC) and aftermarket Trailer Brake Controllers, simulates trailer load and displays real-time, brake-controller output gain and application time.
						 More Info

#8150
4.5" Diamond Grinding Wheel

						Lasts More Than 20X Longer Compared to Standard Grinding Wheels
						 More Info

#8090B
Brass Professional Diesel Brush Injector-Seat Cleaning Kit

						17-Piece Kit Specially Designed to Clean Diesel Injector-Seats and Bores on Most Light, Medium, and Heavy-Duty Diesel Motors

						 More Info

#8043
Micro Male Diamond-Coated Electrical Pin Cleaners

						Cleans Deutsch, Cannon, Bullet and Other Round Electrical Pins
						 More Info

#9038A
Relay Bypass Switch Kit with Amp Loop 

						The Relay Bypass Switch Kit with Amp Loop allows Circuit Bypass and Current Testing for 12V DC Relays
						 More Info

#9070
Diesel Exhaust Fluid (DEF) Transfer System (120V AC)

						A complete, DEF-rated, turnkey solution for safely transferring DEF (Diesel Exhaust Fluid)
						 More Info

#9008-DL
Super MUTT Trailer Tester PRO Edition

						Commercial Diagnostic Trailer Tester (7 Round Pin)

						 More Info

#7884
Disc Brake System Analyzer

						Uneven Brake Pad Wear? Eliminate Guesswork When Troubleshooting Disc Brake Problems
						 More Info

#9101
Light Ranger MUTT Trailer Tester (7 Spade Pin)

						Utility and RV-type trailer light and trailer electric brakes tester for 7-spade type trailers
						 More Info

#9049M
Mobile Fleet Tank Sweeper (120V AC)  

						Transfer and filter diesel, kerosene and bio blend fuels.  A great solution for most fleet, construction, AG and industrial equipment.
						 More Info
 













 







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 









FUTURE NOW®
Innovative Products of America (IPA®) is an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) specializing in the development of innovative tools and equipment since 1991. Everything on this site is manufactured by IPA® which is located in Woodstock, New York. IPA® is supported by a dedicated team of electro-mechanical engineers, an experienced global sourcing department, full scale sales and marketing services, and onsite manufacturing. These elements allow IPA® to offer cutting edge solutions, holding true to the company motto, “Future Now®”.
More Company Info
View All Our Products



#9107A Electric Brake Force Meter With Dynamic Load Simulation And Circuit Testing  


More Info


#8150 4.5" Diamond Grinding Wheel  


More Info


#8090B Brass Professional Diesel Brush Injector-Seat Cleaning Kit  


More Info


#8043 Micro Male Diamond-Coated Electrical Pin Cleaners  


More Info


#9038A Relay Bypass Switch Kit with Amp Loop   


More Info


#9070 Diesel Exhaust Fluid (DEF) Transfer System (120V AC)  


More Info


#9008-DL Super MUTT Trailer Tester PRO Edition  


More Info


#7884 Disc Brake System Analyzer  


More Info


#9101 Light Ranger MUTT Trailer Tester (7 Spade Pin)  


More Info


#9049M Mobile Fleet Tank Sweeper (120V AC)    


More Info

 



Industries we serve: Automotive · Agriculture · Fleet · Industrial · Aviation · Marine · Military



Home
About
New Products
All Products
Download Catalog
Contact
Sitemap
Login
My Account



Innovative Products of America, Inc.
234 Tinker Street, Woodstock, NY 12498
888-786-7899 | 845-679-4500 | 845-679-4600 fax 
	
	





















Electronic Components | Panasonic Industrial Devices














































Jump to navigation








Panasonic Industrial Devices









Products
Close




Product search
Type in your keyword to begin searching for a product.

Search 




 Open




Product categories



Capacitors
Electromechanical
Wireless Connectivity
Industrial Automation
Batteries
Resistors & Inductors
Relays
Connectors
HVAC/R & Appliance Devices
Storage Media
Sensors
Semiconductors
Circuit & Thermal Protection






Polymer Capacitors
Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitors
Electric Double Layer Capacitors (Gold)
Film Capacitors


Switches
Snap Action Switches
Encoder & Potentiometers
Transparent Touch Panels (TTP)


Bluetooth
Wi-Fi Modules
ISM Transceiver
Mesh Networking
Evaluation Kits
RF Modules for Medical Applications


Factory Automation Sensors
Machine Safety
Factory Automation Devices
Motion Control


Rechargeable Batteries
Non-Rechargeable Batteries
LED Necklight
Consumer


Resistors
Inductors (Coils)


Mechanical Power Relays (2A or More)
Mechanical Signal Relays (2A or Less)
Optocouplers
Semiconductor Relays


Active Optical Connectors
Board-to-Board Connectors
FPC/FFC Connectors


Motors - Appliance, HVACR, Automotive
Air Conditioning Compressors
Refrigeration Compressors
Vacuum Insulation
Radiation Measurement Systems
Control & Device Solutions


SD Cards & eMMC


Sensors for Automotive & Industrial Applications
Factory Automation Sensors
Reference Designs


Microcontrollers
Interface and Communication
Diodes
MOSFETs
Light Emitting Diodes
Photo Detectors
Radio Frequency
Analog ICs
Power
X-GaN™ Power


Circuit Protection
Thermal Protection


SP-Cap Polymer Aluminum
POSCAP Tantalum-Polymer
OS-CON Aluminum-Polymer
Polymer Hybrid Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitor


Conductive Polymer Hybrid Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitors
Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitors (Surface Mount Type)
Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitors (Radial Lead Type)


Multilayer Coin Type
Wound Type


AC Motor Use
Automotive, Industrial and Infrastructure Use
Electronic Equipment Use


Light Touch Switches
Detector Switches
Push Switches
Automotive Push Switches
Switch Modules
Operation Switches


Turquoise Switches
Snap Action Switches
Safety Switches
Detection Switches


Encoders
Automotive Encoders
Automotive Rotary Potentiometers
Rotary Potentiometers
Position Sensors




Bluetooth Classic
Bluetooth Multi Mode
Bluetooth Low Energy


Embedded Wi-Fi
Non-Embedded Multi-Mode
Non-Embedded Wi-Fi Only


On Sub GHz


On 2.4 GHz


PAN1740 Beacon Experimenter Kit
PAN1720 Series Evaluation Kit (TI Stack)
PAN1026 Series Evaluation Kits
PAN1026EMK Series Experimenter Kit
PAN1455 & 1555 Series Evaluation Kit (SPP)
PAN1455 & PAN1555 Series Evaluation Kit (HDP)
PAN1720 Evaluation Kit (BR Stack)
PAN1740 Series Evaluation Kit
PAN9320 Experimenter Kit
PAN1322 Evaluation Kit
PAN1323, PAN1325A/PAN1315A, PAN1326/1316, PAN1327/1317 Series Evaluation Kits




Fiber Sensors
Area Sensors
Pressure Sensors
Photoelectric Sensors / Laser Sensors
Micro Photoelectric Sensors
Inductive Proximity Sensors
Special Purpose Sensors
Sensor Options
Laser Measurement Sensors


Optical Touch Switches
Light Curtains
Safety Switches
Safety Photoelectric


Static Control Devices
Energy Monitoring Components
Programmable Controllers
Human Machine Interface (HMI)
Machine Vision Systems
UV-Curing Systems
CO2 / FAYb Laser Markers
Timers / Counters / Limit Switches
Temperature Controllers


AC Servo Motors
Compact AC Geared Motors


Lithium Ion
Pin Type Lithium Ion
Nickel Metal Hydride
Lead Acid VRLA
Rechargeable Coin
Nickel Cadmium


Lithium Batteries
Alkaline






Chip Resistors
Leaded Resistors
Network/Arrays
Thermal Sensitive Resistors
Trimmer Potentiometers
Attenuators
Chip Rings
Anti-Sulfurated Chip Resistors
Current Sensing Chip Resistors
High Precision Chip Resistors
Small and High Power Chip Resistors


Chip Inductors
Power Choke Coils
Choke Coils
Power Inductors (Multilayer Type)
Power Inductors (Wire Wound Type)
Voltage Step-up Coils


General Power Relays
Safety Relays
Automotive Relays
Control Panel Relays
High-Capacity Power Relays


Signal Relays
High-Frequency Signal Relays
Optical Switches


PhotoIC Coupler


PhotoMOS Relays
Solid State Relays


Active Optical Connectors


Narrow (Fine) Pitch Connectors
High Current Connectors
MIPTEC 3D Packaging Technology


FPC/FFC Connectors


HVAC Motors
Vacuum Motors
Refrigeration Motors
Automotive Motors


Rotary Compressors


CO2 Compressors
Refrigeration Compressors


Vacuum Insulation Panel


Dosimeters
Radiation Readers / Irradiators


Controls & Devices


Industrial SD Cards
Consumer Plus SD Cards
Consumer SD Cards
Industrial & Automotive eMMC


Grid-EYE Infrared Array Sensor
PF Pressure Sensors
PS Pressure Sensors
PS-A Pressure Sensors
PIR Motion Sensor (PaPIRs)
Light Sensor (NaPiCa)
Angular Rate Sensors (Automotive Only)
GS1 Acceleration Sensor
GS2 Acceleration Sensor
GF1 Acceleration Sensor
MA Motion Sensors
Temperature Sensors


Fiber Sensors
Area Sensors
Pressure Sensors
Photoelectric Sensors / Laser Sensors
Micro Photoelectric Sensors
Inductive Proximity Sensors
Special Purpose Sensors
Sensor Options
Wire-Saving Systems
Laser Measurement Sensors




32-bit High Performance Microcomputers MN103S Series
32-bit Low Power Microcomputers MN103L Series
8-bit Microcomputers MN101E Series
8-bit Low Power Microcomputers MN101L Series
8-bit Microcomputers MN101C Series


NFC
HDMI Interface
SD Memory Card Interface


Switching Diodes
Schottky Barrier Diodes
Rectifier Diodes
Zener Diodes
TVS Diodes


MOSFETs for DC-DC Converter
MOSFETs for Lithium-ion Battery Protection
MOSFETs for Load Switch
Small Signal MOSFETs


White LEDs
Surface-Mount LEDs
Lamp LEDs
Laser Diodes


Ambient Light and Proximity Sensors
Front Monitor
Remote Control Receiver
IrDA


Low Noise Amplifiers (LNA)
Power Amplifiers (PA)
Power Amplifier for WLAN (PA)
Distribution Amplifier


LED Drivers
Motor Driver ICs
Wireless Charging


DC-DC Regulators


X-GaN™ Power Devices


Common Mode Noise Filters
EMI Filters
ZNR Transient/Surge Absorbers
Multilayer Varistors
ESD Suppressor
Thermal Cutoffs (TCO) / Micro Chip Fuse
NTC Thermistors


Pyrolytic Graphite Sheet (PGS)






Solutions
Close





 Automotive




 Commercial Refrigeration




 Data Archiver




 FPGA




 Lighting Controls




 Medical




 Robotics




 Thermal Management




 Wearables




 





 

Opt-In
B2B
 









 
 




 
 




 
 




 
 




 
 








‹
›


















Search
Search by keywords




Enter keyword or Product id...
Search 









Expert Search
Stock Search















Electronic Components - Panasonic Industrial Devices








 

Capacitors
See more




 

Electromechanical
See more




 

Wireless Connectivity
See more




 

Industrial Automation
See more




 

Batteries
See more




 

Resistors & Inductors
See more




 

Relays
See more




 

Connectors
See more




 

HVAC/R & Appliance Devices
See more




 

Storage Media
See more




 

Sensors
See more




 

Semiconductors
See more




 

Circuit & Thermal Protection
See more











What's New



31 Jul, 2017
DJ-H Series Power Latching Relays



13 Jul, 2017
SXE Series And SXV Series OS-CON™ Conductive Aluminum-Polymer Solid Capacitors



12 Jul, 2017
Sensors Play New Roles In Manufacturing



5 Jul, 2017
PAN1326C Bluetooth® Classic and Bluetooth 4.2 Low Energy RF Module



5 Jul, 2017
HG-S Series Contact-Type Digital Displacement Sensor



20 Jun, 2017
How Sensors Help Cities Handle Infrastructure Demands


View Archive

Contact UsSales & SupportFind your nearest sales rep or distributor.Contact UsYou can reach us by email, phone or mail.BlogRead our blog for technical insights and commentary from our industry leading experts.












 







Home - American Industrial Services









































 















When Quality Counts, count on AIS


210-444-9068
Get a Quote







