
Japan Third Party Co Ltd (2488.T)  Quote| Reuters.com




























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Japan Third Party Co Ltd (2488.T)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySoftware












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        










				2488.T on Tokyo Stock Exchange


				1,000JPY
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥-47


					            (-4.49%)
					        






Prev Close

¥1,047


Open

¥1,035




Day's High

¥1,042


Day's Low

¥996




Volume

54,700


Avg. Vol

216,996




52-wk High

¥1,690


52-wk Low

¥460










2488.T








					About


		JAPAN THIRD PARTY CO., LTD. is a Japan-based information technology (IT) company. The Company operates in three business segments. The Software Solution segment is engaged in the provision of software technology training programs to engineers in domestic companies; the development support of application software, and the... (more)





					Buy/Sell



No analyst recommendations are available for 2488.T.

» Analyst Consensus





					Overall





Beta:
2.08


Market Cap(Mil.):
¥6,298.33


Shares Outstanding(Mil.):
6.02


Dividend:
--


Yield (%):
0.96








					Financials





 
2488.T
Industry
Sector


P/E (TTM):

				1,811.48

				36.04

				19.31


EPS (TTM):

				0.58

				--

				--


ROI:

				0.15

				13.94

				12.19


ROE:

				0.19

				16.52

				12.73












					Latest News about 2488.T



BRIEF-Japan Third Party says top shareholder decreases voting power to 12.6 pct
* Says its top shareholder, Osaka-based firm, decreased
voting power in the co to 12.6 percent (638,647 shares), from
18.1 percent(919,947 shares)

Jun 15 2017
BRIEF-Japan Third Party says settlement with Marubeni Utility Services regarding lawsuit for compensation of damages
* Says it settles with Marubeni Utility Services, Ltd. on
May 30, regarding a lawsuit for compensation of damages

May 29 2017
BRIEF- Japan Third Party announces change of corporate auditor
* Says it appoints Hibiki Audit Corporation as new corporate
auditor, to replace Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC, effective June
19

May 19 2017
BRIEF-Japan Third Party announces shareholding structure change
* Says its shareholder Osaka-based real estate firm cut
stake in the co to 19.3 percent from 30.5 percent

Mar 10 2017

» More 2488.T News











 Earnings vs.  Estimates





















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySoftware


















































Product Purchase through the Third Party Website (RS Components Ltd.) | TOSHIBA Semiconductor & Storage Products | Asia-Pacific



















































Site Map
My Page













ALL
Memory
Diodes
MOSFETs
Bipolar Transistors
Optical Semiconductor Devices
Logic ICs
Linear ICs
Microcomputer
Automotive Devices
ASSPs
Wireless Communications Equipment ICs
Sensors






Part Number Search
Cross Reference Search
Keyword Search
Parametric Search
Stock Check Search





















Select other search

Cross Reference Search
Keyword Search
Parametric Search
Stock Check Search












Home


Products



Memory
Storage Products (SSD / HDD / SSHD)
MOSFETs
Transistors
Diodes
Optical Semiconductor Devices
Linear ICs
Logic ICs
Sensors
Microcomputer
Custom SoCs
Wireless Communications Equipment ICs
Automotive Devices
ASSPs
Radio-Frequency Devices
Software IP




BiCS FLASH™
NAND Flash Memories with an Integrated Controller


e-MMC

UFS



SLC NAND Flash Memory


SLC  NAND

BENAND™

Serial Interface NAND







SDHC Memory Card with Wireless LAN
Removable Media






Enterprise SSD (eSSD)
Enterprise HDD (eHDD)
Client SSD (cSSD)
Client SSHD (cSSHD)
Client HDD (cHDD)
Specialty
OCZ brand SSD
Toshiba brand Consumer Storage




Trends & Technology


TOSHIBA REVIEW

White Papers

SSD

Advanced Format

Video Clips



Technical Support


Product Archive

Meaning of Model Number



Warranty Support
About Toshiba Storage Products


Milestones

Toshiba Storage.com



Press Center


Press Reviews

Technical Reviews

Awards









12V - 300V MOSFETs
400V - 900V MOSFETs
Automotive MOSFETs










Bipolar Transistors
Bias Resistor Built-in Transistors (BRT)
IGBTs
IEGT (PPI & PMI）
Multi-Chip Discrete Devices
Junction FETs
RF Bipolar Transistors










SiC Schottky Barrier Diodes
Schottky Barrier Diodes
TVS Diodes (ESD Protection Diodes)
Rectifier Diodes
Switching Diodes
Zener Diodes
RF Diodes










Photocouplers / Photorelays
Fiber-Coupler (TOSLINK™)










Motor Drivers


Brushed Motor Drivers

Brushless Motor Drivers

Stepping Motor Drivers



LED Drivers
Transistor Arrays




Power Supply ICs


DC-DC Converter ICs:Multi Output

Load Switch ICs

LDO Regulators

PFC Control ICs

Battery Charger ICs

Level Shifter Arrays



Intelligent Power Devices (IPDs)


IPDs (60V series)

IPDs (250V / 500V series)



Wireless Power Charger ICs
Operational Amplifier ICs and Comparator ICs


Operational Amplifier ICs

Comparator ICs









Bus Switches
Dual-Supply Bidirectional Level Shifters
CMOS Logic ICs
One-Gate Logic (L-MOS)










Linear Image Sensors
Magnetic Sensors










Recommended Products
Products Lineup


ARM Core-Based Microcontrollers

- TXZ3 Series
- TXZ4 Series
- TX00 Series
- TX03 Series
- TX04 Series
- TX09 Series


Product Introduction Guide

Toshiba's Original Core-Based Microcontrollers

- TLCS-870/C1 Series
- TLCS-900/H1 Series
- TX19A/H1 Series


Microcontrollers for Automotive







Design / Support


Important Notices

Development Environment

Evaluation Kits and Reference Boards

Application Notes / Sample Programs

Partner Information

IEC60730

Toshiba MCU park

SNS&Movie Library









Toshiba Solutions
IP Support


IP Lineup

IP Alliance



Design Methodologies


Low-Power Design

High-Performance SoC Design



Package Technology


High-Bandwidth Memory Assembly Technology







Development Support Solutions


Front-End Design Support

FPGA prototyping support (Easy Prototyping)

Subsystems



Development Platforms


ASICs

FFSA™









Bluetooth® wireless technology ICs
NFC-enabled LSI (CLF)
RF ICs for Extremely Low-Power Radio Applications




TransferJet™-compliant IC


Wireless IC: TC35420AXLG

Wireless Module: TJM35420XLQ

microSDIO Card: TJM35420USQ

USB / microUSB Adapter

TransferJet™ Solution Provider









Image Recognition Processors
Automotive Display Controllers Capricorn™
Automotive Video Processors
Car Audio
Power Amplifier ICs
OFDM Demodulator LSIs
Text-To-Speech Middleware
Microcontrollers for Automotive
Analog Devices




IGBT Gate Pre-Driver
Motor Drivers for Automotive
System Power Supply for Automotive
RF Devices for Automotive
RF ICs for Vehicle Communication Service
Automotive MOSFETs
Automotive IPDs
Storage Solutions for Automotive Information & Entertainment Systems
Interface Bridge ICs
Automotive Devices in Small Packages
Automotive Photocouplers / Photorelays






ApP Lite™ (Application Processor Lite)


TZ1000

TZ1200

TZ2000



OFDM Demodulation and Error Correction ICs
Car Audio
Power Amplifier ICs
Other Product ICs




Interface Bridges (Mobile Peripheral Devices)


Display Interface Bridge

Camera Interface Bridge

HDMI® Interface Bridge

I/O Expander









RF Switch ICs
RF MOSFETs
RF Bipolar Transistors
RF Diodes










Text-To-Speech Middleware
Multi-touch Solution for 4-Wire Resistive Touch Panel 











Applications



Automotive
Industrial
Motor Control
Wireless Communications
Consumer Electronics
PC Peripheral
Image & Audio visual
White Goods
LED Lighting
Healthcare
Security and Surveillance
Power Management
Amusement Equipment
Enterprise Computing Systems
Wearable Device Solutions




Safety


Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS)

Parking Assist Systems

Brake Control (ABS / ESC)

Electric Control Suspension

Tire Pressure Monitoring System

Airbags

Pre-Crash Seatbelt

Functional Safety Technologies



Information


Instrument Cluster and Head-up Display

Center Information Display

Car Audio Systems

Hands-free

Remote Keyless Entry (RKE)







Environment 


HEV / EV System

Automotive Drive System (Inverter)

DC-DC Converter

Battery Management System

Direct Injection

Transmission Control

Start-Stop Systems

Pump Control

Electronic Power Steering System

Cooling Fan

Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning (HVAC)

Electric parking brake (EPB), power sliding doors, precrash seat belt tensioners

Power Slide Door

HID Light System

LED Head Lamp

Junction Box

ISO/TS16949 Compliance Efforts









Energy systems


Micro Inverters

Solar Inverters



Smart Meters
PLC
Human Machine Interface




Power Tools
Welders
Barcode reader
Surveillance Camera <Full HD>
Surveillance Camera <VGA>


























Smart Phone / Tablets
Cell Phone
FRS, GMRS
Portable Information Devices










PCs
Printers
Copiers
Scaners










Digital TVs
Digital Still Cameras
Digital Video Cameras
Surveillance Camera <Full HD>
Surveillance Camera <VGA>




Audio
AM Tuners
FM Tuners






Air Conditioners
Refrigerators
Washing Machines
Induction Cooktops
Induction Rice Cookers
Dishwashers
Microwave Ovens
Bidet Toilets
Water Heaters
Multi rotor helicopter




















Fitness Trackers
Smartwatches










Surveillance Camera <Full HD>
Surveillance Camera <VGA>
Lens control MCU










Design Topology by AC-DC Power Supplies
Design Topology by DC-DC Power Supplies
Application by Power Supplies
Linear Power Supplies






























VR Head Mounted Display
Smartwatches
Fitness Trackers











Design / Support





Search


Cross Reference Search

Parametric Search



Package & Packing Information
Reliability Information


Commitment to Quality

Semiconductor Device Reliability

Handling Precautions

Appendix



Part Naming Conventions




Frequently Asked Questions
Documents


General Catalog

Application Notes

Catalogs



Simulation


Simulation Model

Web Simulator

Simulator



Video Clips


Automotive

Flash Memory

Storage Products (SSD / HDD / SSHD)

Wireless Communications

Web Simulator

Reference Models and Solutions







e-Learning
Special


Interview of motor solutions

Interview of Power MOSFETs



Terms of Use







Sample / Purchase





Stock Check & Purchase




Catalog Distributors











Corporate Information









Semiconductor & Storage Products Home

 > 

        Sample / Purchase

 > 

        Product Purchase through the Third Party Website (RS Components Ltd.)

        


















   Product Purchase through the Third Party Website (RS Components Ltd.)
   
   
   





Before proceeding to the Third Party Website, please read the following disclaimer policy and precaution carefully and acknowledge that you accept them.







   I. Disclaimer for External Link
   
   
   











Through this website you are able to proceed to the website of RS Components Ltd. ("Third Party Website") which is not under the control of Toshiba Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively "Toshiba"). The Third Party Website is made available to you as a convenience only and you agree to use the Third Party Website at your own risk. The link of the Third Party Website does not necessarily imply a recommendation or an endorsement by Toshiba of the Third Party Website. Please be aware that Toshiba is not responsible for any transaction done through the Third Party Website, and such transactions shall be subject to terms and conditions which may be provided in the Third Party Website.







   II. Precaution on Handling Toshiba Semiconductor Products
   
   
   





Toshiba asks buyers of Toshiba semiconductor products to comply with safety standards to achieve a safe design for the entire system. The Toshiba products on this website are intended for general electronics applications, and should not be utilized for Unintended Use applications as defined below.





Technical documents contained in this website may contain precautionary statements that differ from the "Precautions on handling Toshiba Semiconductor products" in these Terms of Use. Please refer to these Terms of Use, as they contain the most updated precautionary statements.





In the following, this document includes any contents of this website.
　
Toshiba Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates are collectively referred to as “TOSHIBA”.
Hardware, software and systems described in this document are collectively referred to as “Product”.







TOSHIBA reserves the right to make changes to the information in this document and related Product without notice.
This document and any information herein may not be reproduced without prior written permission from TOSHIBA. Even with TOSHIBA's written permission, reproduction is permissible only if reproduction is without alteration/omission.
Though TOSHIBA works continually to improve Product's quality and reliability, Product can malfunction or fail. Customers are responsible for complying with safety standards and for providing adequate designs and safeguards for their hardware, software and systems which minimize risk and avoid situations in which a malfunction or failure of Product could cause loss of human life, bodily injury or damage to property, including data loss or corruption. Before customers use the Product, create designs including the Product, or incorporate the Product into their own applications, customers must also refer to and comply with (a) the latest versions of all relevant TOSHIBA information, including without limitation, this document, the specifications, the data sheets and application notes for Product and the precautions and conditions set forth in the "TOSHIBA Semiconductor Reliability Handbook" and (b) the instructions for the application with which the Product will be used with or for. Customers are solely responsible for all aspects of their own product design or applications, including but not limited to (a) determining the appropriateness of the use of this Product in such design or applications; (b) evaluating and determining the applicability of any information contained in this document, or in charts, diagrams, programs, algorithms, sample application circuits, or any other referenced documents; and (c) validating all operating parameters for such designs and applications. TOSHIBA ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR CUSTOMERS' PRODUCT DESIGN OR APPLICATIONS.
Product is intended for use in general electronics applications (e.g., computers, personal equipment, office equipment, measuring equipment, industrial robots and home electronics appliances) or for specific applications as expressly stated in this document. Product is neither intended nor warranted for use in equipment or systems that require extraordinarily high levels of quality and/or reliability and/or a malfunction or failure of which may cause loss of human life, bodily injury, serious property damage or serious public impact ("Unintended Use"). Unintended Use includes, without limitation, equipment used in nuclear facilities, equipment used in the aerospace industry, medical equipment, equipment used for automobiles, trains, ships and other transportation, traffic signaling equipment, equipment used to control combustions or explosions, safety devices, elevators and escalators, devices related to electric power, and equipment used in finance-related fields. Do not use Product for Unintended Use unless specifically permitted in this document.
Do not disassemble, analyze, reverse-engineer, alter, modify, translate or copy Product, whether in whole or in part.
Product shall not be used for or incorporated into any products or systems whose manufacture, use, or sale is prohibited under any applicable laws or regulations.
The information contained herein is presented only as guidance for Product use. No responsibility is assumed by TOSHIBA for any infringement of patents or any other intellectual property rights of third parties that may result from the use of Product. No license to any intellectual property right is granted by this document, whether express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise.
ABSENT A WRITTEN SIGNED AGREEMENT, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE RELEVANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE FOR PRODUCT, AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWABLE BY LAW, TOSHIBA (1) ASSUMES NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR LOSS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF OPPORTUNITIES, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION AND LOSS OF DATA, AND (2) DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS RELATED TO SALE, USE OF PRODUCT, OR INFORMATION, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY OF INFORMATION, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.
Product may include products using GaAs (Gallium Arsenide). GaAs is harmful to humans if consumed or absorbed, whether in the form of dust or vapor. Handle with care and do not break, cut, crush, grind, dissolve chemically or otherwise expose GaAs in Product.
Do not use or otherwise make available Product or related software or technology for any military purposes, including without limitation, for the design, development, use, stockpiling or manufacturing of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons or missile technology products (mass destruction weapons). Product and related software and technology may be controlled under the Japanese Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Law and the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Export and re-export of Product or related software or technology are strictly prohibited except in compliance with all applicable export laws and regulations.
Product may include products subject to foreign exchange and foreign trade control laws.
Please contact your TOSHIBA sales representative for details as to environmental matters such as the RoHS compatibility of Product. Please use Product in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations that regulate the inclusion or use of controlled substances, including without limitation, the EU RoHS Directive. TOSHIBA assumes no liability for damages or losses occurring as a result of noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.






In addition to the above, the following are applicable only to development tools.






Though TOSHIBA works continually to improve Product's quality and reliability, Product can malfunction or fail. Use the Product in a way which minimizes risk and avoid situations in which a malfunction or failure of Product could cause loss of human life, bodily injury or damage to property, including data loss or corruption. For using the Product, customers must also refer to and comply with the latest versions of all relevant TOSHIBA information, including without limitation, this document, the instruction manual, the specifications, the data sheets for Product.
Product is provided solely for the purpose of performing the functional evaluation of a semiconductor product. Please do not use Product for any other purpose, including without limitation, evaluation in high or low temperature or humidity, and verification of reliability.
Do not incorporate Product into your products or system. Products are for your own use and not for sale, lease or other transfer.











( You are able to proceed to the website of RS Components Ltd. )
        




( Close this window )








    A new window will open











	 ·Before creating and producing designs and using, customers must also refer to and comply with the latest versions of all relevant TOSHIBA information and the instructions for the application that Product will be used with or for.
	    







Terms of Use




Site Map













Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions























company - KAMUI Co. Ltd.


































ナビ1
ナビ2
ナビ3



Home > company





Company Profile





History






Company Name
KAMUI CO.,LTD.

Date of Establishment
May 27,1960

Description of Business
Manufacture and Sales of Heat Exchanges

Main Business Activities
Shell and tube type heat exchangerRadiator-type heat exchanger(plate-fin type heat exchanger)Plate type heat exchangerAutomatic temperature tuner using the immersion method

Capital
Pain-in Capital ¥100 million

Directors




President
 
Mikio juman


Director
 
Yasunori Shida


Director
 
Eiji Yamada


Director
 
Kiyotaka Ootuka


Auditor
 
Mie Shibuya





Number of Empolysees
100名

Affiliated Firms
Foshan-Kamui Heat Exchanger Co.,Ltd.

Bankers
Mizuho BankSumitomo Mitsui Banking CorporationThe Bank of Tokyo-Mitsumishi UFJTokyo Higashi Shinkin Bank Japan Finance Corporation; JFCCentral Bank for Commercial and Industrial Cooperative

Participating Member in:
Tokyo Chamber of Commerce & IndustryJapan Fluid Power AssociationShip-machinery Manufacturers' Association of JapanKanto Branch of Ship Manufacturers' Association of JapanHeat Transfer Research,Inc.(H.T.R.I.), U.S.A






 


 



Head Office and Main Branches






Head Office
No.29 Kowa Bldg. Annex, 2-11-24, Tsukiji, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, 104-0045　　MAP
TEL　　+81-3-3549-0331FAX　　+81-3-3545-8500

Osaka Branch
Osaka Nishi Honmachi  Bldg., 2-2-18, Awaza, Nishi-ku, Osaka, 550-0011　　MAP
TEL　　+81-6-6543-0701FAX　　+81-6-6543-0277

Nagoya Branch
Meitetsu-Kasadera Bldg., 7-5-1, Maehama-dori, Minami-ku, Nagoya, 457-0058　　MAP
TEL　　+81-52-811-2414FAX　　+81-52-819-1500

Chiba Factory
2232, Hirakawa-cho, Midori-ku, Chiba 266-0004　　MAP
TEL　　+81-43-291-1811FAX　　+81-43-226-9100






 


 



From The Beginning






1960Showa35
May 27, Kamui Company Ltd. established with capital of \500,000

1961Showa36
Mar. Development of CAB-type(Combination Air Breather)

1962Showa37
May. Launched sales of SHC-type water-cooled oil cooler Oct. Capital increased to \2 million

1964Showa39
Oct. Osaka Branch Office established (Fukushima-ku, Osaka) 1965

1965Showa40
Mar. Launched sales of KNF-type suction strainer

1966Showa41
Mar. Development of AOC-type air-cooled oil cooler

1967Showa42
Mar. Kitasuna Factory begins operations (Kohtoh-ku, Tokyo)

1968Showa43
Dec. Nagoya Branch Office established (Minami-ku, Nagoya)

1969Showa44
Jan. Capital increased to \10 millionFeb. Participation in JETRO Melbourne Exhibition

1970Showa45
Mar .Launched sales of AOA-type air-cooled oil coolerOct. Participation in London International Exhibition and Chicago FairOct. Capital increased to \20 millions

1971Showa46
Chiba FactoryMar. First-stage of Chiba Factory completedOct. Participation in Sydney・Melbourne Hydraulics and Pneumatics Fluid Power Fair

1972Showa47
May. Concluded sales tieup with compactor manufacturer American Baler Machine Co. of U.S.A.Oct. Participation in Zurich International Exhibition

1974Showa49
Mar. Commences manufacture and sales of general heat exchanger units for chemical use

1975Showa50
Apr. Concluded technical sales agreement on oil filter with Arlon BV of the Netherlands

1976Showa51
Dec .Capital increased to \30 million

1977Showa52
Apr. Development of CAB-5DBII (Combination Air Breather)

1978Showa53
Jan. Development of EX-type water-cooled oil cooler

1980Showa55
Oct. Manufacturing approval of Pressure Vessel Class 1

1981Showa56
Mar. Development of LC-type (Low Fin Tube) water-cooled oil cooler

1983Showa58
Chiba FactoryJan. Second-stage of Chiba Factory completedOct. Recipient of award from the Inspector of Chiba Prefectural LaborStandards Bureau during 34th National Labor Sanitation week

1984Showa59
May. Developed SL-type helical baffle oil cooler

1985Showa60
May. Capital increased to \50 millionMay. Launched sales of SL-type oil cooler ・Awarded patent in Japan, the United States and Taiwan (R.O.C.)

1986Showa61
Mar. Established of Taiwan Kamui Corporation in Taichung-cityOct. Taiwan Factory completedNov. Manufacturing commencement of Taiwan Factory Chiba Factory

1987Showa62
Nov. Participation in Chicago Exhibition

1988Showa63
Feb. Received the 1987 Japan Machinery Federation Award for the MostEnergy-Efficient System for SL-type oil cooler

1989Heisei1
Feb. Kamui U.S.A. Inc. established in Los Angeles, CaliforniaFeb. Concluded technical agreement on SL-type oil cooler with ARA S.A. of SpainDec. Capital increased to \100 million

1990Heisei2
Mar. Commences manufacture and sales of automatic oil temperature tunerMar. Third stage of Chiba Factory completedChiba Factory

1991Heisei3
Jun. Developed automatic temperature tuner using the immersion methodFeb. Installed welding robots and other new equipment in Chiba factory

1992Heisei4
Nov. Developed and launched sales of compact automatic temperature tuner

1993Heisei5
Aug. Established Foshan-Kamui Heat Exchanger Co., Ltd.(In Foshan City, Guandong Province, People’s Republic of China)

1995Heisei7
Mar. Completion of fluid bed heat exchanger

1997Heisei9
Dec. Registered ISO9001

1998Heisei10
Jun. Concluded sales & technical agreement on oil temperature tuner with habor precise industries Co.,Ltd.,Taiwan

1999Heisei11
Apr, Technological innovation project of promotion for specific topicsDevelopment of technology for reduction of nox emission from diesel engine in the co-generation system.Entrusted by Japan small and medium enterprise corporation

2000Heisei12
Dec. Approval of ”New project on management innovation" according to "The minor enterprises'management supporting act”

2001Heisei13
Apr. Taiwan Kamui Corporationas joint enterprise of habor precise moved to Tai-Ping City, Taiwan2002

2002Heisei14
Aug. Completion of research, development and launched sales of MTOC (Magnetic device of fluid treatment)

2004Heisei16
Jun. Clesing of Taiwan Kamui CorporationJul. Foshan-Kamui Heat Exchanger Co., Ltd,Capital increased to US$2.5 millionNev. Chairman Hisao Shibuya is bestowed with The Order of the Rising Sun,Gold Rays with Rosette for his long contributions to the fluid power industry.Nov. Approval of "New project on management innovation" according to “The minor enterprises management supporting act” (2nd) 2005

2005Heisei17
Mar. Development of pulsating buffer unit and built-in check valve-type heat exchanger.Jul. Application for international patents of the above units.Jul. Completion of headquarters building of Foshan-Kamui Heat Exchanger Co., Ltd. And commencement of operation. 2006 

2006Heisei18
Nov. 4th-stage of Chiba Factory completed.

2007Heisei19
Feb. Publication of International Patent of New Development of Safety-Radiator.

2008Heisei20
Mar. Capital increased by Allocation of New Shares to a Third Party accepted by TokyoSmall and Medium BusinessInvestment & Consultation Co., Ltd.

2010Heisei22
May. The 50th Anniversary of the Foundation.


2012
Heisei24

Aug.Kamui Vietnam Co.,Ltd.established in Danang city,Vietnam.
Sep.ISO14001 certification obtained.


2013Hesei25

Feb.Relocated headquarters(Chuo-ku,Tokyo)
Mar.Started construction at Kamui Vietnam Co.,Ltd.


2014Hesei26

Sep.KAMUI VIETNAM CO,.LTD.Factory completed.
Nov.Relocated Nagoya Branch.(Tenpaku-ku,Nagoya)







 


 



























HOME
Product information
About us


 
Shell and tube type heat exchangers
Corporate profile


 
Radiator type heat exchangers
 


 
Plate type heat exchangers
 
 
 






Kamui Company Ltd.
Head Office：The 29th Kowa Building Annex, 2-11-24, Tsukiji, Chuo-ku, Tokyo  
TEL 03-3549-0331 / FAX 03-3545-8500




Download materials
｜
Queries
｜
Privacy Policy
｜
Sitemap


Copyright (c) KAMUI CO.,LTD. All Rights Reserved








Japan Third Party Co Ltd 2488 Profile-Financials-Revenues-Growth-Market-Description                         Please wait while the search results are loading...     Plunkett Research,® Ltd.Our Market Research = Your Smart Decisions  What are you looking for?    Information Marketing & Research PROS   Information for Students & Professors   Subscribers Log In     Home >  Industries  >  Outsourcing & Offshoring  > Japan Third Party Co Ltd   Plunkett Research Online: Japan Third Party Co Ltd    JAPAN THIRD PARTY CO LTD (2488) Company Profile, Corporate Revenues, Growth, Market Size, Analysis, Business Forecasts, Market Share, Metrics, SWOTJapan Third Party Co., Ltd. (JTP) is a Japanese outsourcing firm that handles the IT needs of high-tech manufacturers working in the Asia-Pacific region.  The company manages tech support of various high-tech firms over the three phases of a company’s life: growth, maturity and end of life.  During ..... JAPAN THIRD PARTY CO LTD  Ticker: 2488Exchange: TokyoParent Company: Employees: Fiscal Year Ends in  Phone: 81-3-6408-2488Fax: 81-3-66859-4797Address: 14/Fl., Gotenyama Trust Tower, 4-7-35, KitashinagaTokyo,  140-0001 Japan MapTypes Of Business Industry Ranks  Total RevenueMarket CapEmployee CountNet IncomeRevenue 3Y GrowthIncome 3Y GrowthReturn on Assets (%)Return on Equity (%)Return on Invested Capital (%) Industry NAICS code:   Refreshing... Contacts Excel TextDescription Yutaka MoriCEO/Pres.Yutaka MoriPres. See More Japan Third Party Co., Ltd. (JTP) is a Japanese outsourcing firm that handles the IT needs of high-tech manufacturers working in the Asia-Pacific region. The company manages tech support of various high-tech firms over the three phases of a company’s life: growth, maturity and end of life. During .....See More See More  Financials  Compare to Industry Averages  Compare Companies $USD, In whole numbers 2016201520142013201220112010SalesProfitsBrands, Divisions and AffiliatesTop Salaries  SalaryBonusOther ThoughtsCorporate Culture    Javascript is disabled.    Request Free Trial Subscriptions Plans & Pricing500 Industries Analyzed for Market Size, Profits and Forecasts25,000 Companies Profiled, Ranked100,000 Industry Statistics150,000 Industry Executives Profiled1,000,000 Words of Trends Analysis Printed Almanacs and Ebooks Custom Research ProjectsA REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:         Take a TourHow to Use Plunkett Research Online-8 MinutesPlunkett Online AccessPlunkett Research BooksContactPhone: 713.932.0000Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282Fax: 713.932.7080E-Mail UsAsk a Product QuestionMedia Interviews, Get a SpeakerCustom ResearchInternational Distributors ListNews & RSSTestimonials  Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say! Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton  We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.  St. John’s College, Library Services  I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.  Penn State University, Career Services  I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide  Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.   Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages. Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine  The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!  Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research. Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA  Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable. Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center  We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use. Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University     Sign up for Free Research Reports   Subscribe                                 
























Alibaba Manufacturer Directory - Suppliers, Manufacturers, Exporters & Importers















































Alibaba.com





                            Sourcing Solutions
                            




                            Services & Membership
                            




                            Help & Community
                            

























































7
YRS



Shenzhen Third Party Package Co., Ltd.




China (Mainland)


Supplier Assessments:









Response Time



 24h-48h





Response Rate



 50%









Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $20,000Learn More
















Add to My Favorites




































7
YR







The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $20,000Learn More











How do I set this?









Home


Product Categories


Company Profile

Company Overview
Industrial Certification
Company Capability
Business Performance



Brand Story


Contacts








How do I set this?








Home
> Product Categories
> PDQ /counter top display







How do I set this?


























View larger image
        













Share to:







 


Add to My Cart






Add to My Favorites



		Added to My Favorites












Paper Counter Display Stand Factory In Shenzhen                        



 Transactions


FOB Price:


US $10 - 30  / Set                                                                    
|
Get Latest
                                        Price



Min.Order Quantity:
1 Set/Sets


Supply Ability:
10000 Set/Sets per   Week


Port:
shenzhen


Payment Terms:
L/C,T/T,Paypal










                            Contact Supplier
                        



Loading...
                        



Start Order


Place orders online to get full protection. close 

















You May Like

















How do I set this?

















Product Detail

Transaction History



Report Suspicious Activity





Quick Details


Place of Origin:
Guangdong, China (Mainland)


Brand Name:
Third Party Package


Model Number:
PDQ0038


Material:
Paper, 300g CCNB + E-Flute


Size:
Customized


Product Name:
High Quality Display Cabinet


Printing:
4C(or customized panton color)


Finished:
Gloss Lamination


Sample L/T:
2-3days


Product L/T:
8-15days


Function:
For promotion


Shipping Term:
EXW, FOB, CIF


Payment Term:
L/C,T/T, Paypal,Western Union


MOQ:
1pcs




Packaging & Delivery


Packaging Details
1. Flat packing in master carton saves on shipping costs;single pack / 10pcs pack;
2. Packing in 3D carton. You can send your products to our factory, we will do co-packing work. Loading your products into packaging box, then pack into master carton for shipping
3. Per your requirement


Delivery Time
8-15days





Specifications

                            High Quality Counter display
1.Manufacturer & designed
2.Full color offset printing & easily assemble
3.High quality                            

 Specifications:We are specialized in High Quality Counter display1.Manufacturer & creative design2.Full color offset printing & easily assemble3.High quality & prompt delivery4.For advertising,promotion use & eye-catching5. Save Labor -Power  Packaging & Delivery:  Packaging Detail:1. Flat packing in master carton saves on shipping costs;single pack / 10pcs pack; 2. Packing in 3D carton. You can send your products to our factory, we will do co-packing work. Loading your products into display, then pack into master carton for shipping 3. Per your requirementDelivery Detail:8 - 15 days    Products Specifications: Material300g/350g CCNB + K3 Corrugated cardboardPrintingOffset 4 color /spot color printing size to 1200 x 1600mm ;or flexo printingCoatingaqueous varnishing, gloss / matt PP Lamination, UV Coating, calendering, gold/silver foil stamping, etc. Structural design Third Party Package or OEM are welcomeMOQour MOQ is 200pcs, if your order quantity less than our MOQ, we will make it as the sample order.SampleSample leadtime: 2 to 3 daysSample fee: we will refund the entire sample fee if your order quantity reaches to 500pcsProduction leadtime8 to 15 days after sample approval and order confirmation; or according to your quantityPacking1. Flat packing in master carton saves on shipping costs;single pack / 10pcs pack;2. Packing in 3D carton. You can send your products to our factory, we will do co-packing work. Loading your products into display, then pack into master carton for shipping3. Per your requirementAdvantageEasy to assemble, innovative, recyclable, eye-catchingPayment30% deposit before production,balance before shipping. We are professional in producing:Cardboard Displays, Floor Displays, Corrugated Hook Displays, Sidekicks Displays, Pallet Displays, Counter Display Boxes, PDQ, CDU, POP Standee,Retail Packaging Box, etc. We specializes in helping you create successful retail marketing Initiatives that boost your product sales!  







Transaction History of the Supplier

Below is the information about the supplier's transactions conducted via Alibaba.com. If you require further details regarding the transaction data, please contact the supplier directly.



            Transaction Overview
            




Transactions




Export Markets




No. of Transactions


Transaction Value













Transaction Details




This supplier has completedtransactions with buyers from .



Shipping Destination
Transaction Value

Transaction Date



















How do I set this?







Email to this supplier







How do I set this?








Related Keywords

high quality counter display
rotating counter display
counter merchandise display







How do I set this?














7
YRS



Shenzhen Third Party Package Co., Ltd.




China (Mainland)


Supplier Assessments:









Response Time



24h-48h





Response Rate



50%









Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $20,000Learn More








How do I set this?















How do I set this?







Product Showcase






How do I set this?





  



































How do I set this?






  





 






 



























Japan Third Party Co.,Ltd. 






































































Toggle navigation












Sitemap
Japanese












Home
Services
Special
About Us
IR
Contact Us
 












 





 

 

Article: Medical Device Support 

Supporting Overseas 
Medical Device Manufacturers’ Businesses  
in Japan 

More Detail 







 

 

More Details 

Service - Robotics 

Supporting the Future of Japan’s Robotics  







Services to Assist with Entry and Business Development into the Growing Medical Devices Market  

Service package forPharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Law 

Read More   







We accelerate your business in Japan 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Connect to the Future 







 

Full Support for the Entire Systems Life-Cycle 

Service - Integration 

More Details 

 







 

Providing IT Training Programs to Accelerate Your Business in Japan 

Service - Training 

More Details 

 







 

Supporting Medical Equipment and Chemical Analyzer Suppliers to Deliver and Develop in the Japanese Market 

Service - Life Science 

More Details 

 



 




 



We offer outsourced technical services such as integration, support and training to aid foreign IT companies aiming to extend your business to Japan.
JTP is highly experienced in this field and we have supported our clients’ business developments in the Japanese market for nearly 30 years.


Service Lineup




Integration
Full support service for the entire systems life-cycle

High Quality service that Japanese users expect
Supporting various platforms
Certified Engineers
24/7/365 Help desk






Training
Providing IT training programs to your customers to accelerate your business in Japan

Expertise in Training
Certified Engineers
Japan’s largest IT training center
Excellent translation service






Life Science
Promoting effective use of IT in the medical field

Offering services to help adjust to Japan-specific regulations
Experience in supporting various devices and systems
ISO Compliant Service Base
24/7/365 Help Desk






Robotics
Supporting the future of Japan’s robotics

Custom Application Development
Robotics Business Consulting
Robot Sales and Rentals
Importing & Localization
Technical Support






GAIT
GAIT is the global standard for assessing IT skills in the cloud era.

Covers All fields of IT
Regularly updated with the updates in the Industry
For Growth & Enhancement of IT Skills
Fair Personnel Evaluation












 



























Third-Party BizVerify - Wujiang Idear Textile Co., Limited (China Manufacturer) - Company Profile - DIYTrade China manufacturers suppliers












cRegister Free

Hello, Sign In or Register Free



Direct Buy




Home


Join Free


Free Website


Member Service



		                   
		                   My DIYTrade


中国站



ProductsWebsitePromotionInquiriesReportsAccount


















/china/ml/0-s-c-1/Search.html/china/pl/0-s-c-1/Search.html/china/ppl/0-s-c-1/Search.html/china/suppliers/0-s-c-1/Search.htmlSearch keyword should at least 2 characters.

ProductsCompanies







Inquiry Basket (0)




					    Advanced












10th Year


Wujiang Idear Textile Co., Limited










Wujiang Idear Textile Co., Limited

	                     Karl Qiu (manager)
                     


 Inquire Now
                      



Third-Party BizVerify




Company Overview


Products (299)


Chemical Fabrics
				 (203)
			

Knitting Fabrics
				 (21)
			

Cotton Fabrics
				 (18)
			

New Features Fabrics
				 (16)
			

Blend Fabrics
				 (16)
			

Other Fabrics
				 (15)
			

Curtains
				 (7)
			

Wool Fabrics
				 (3)
			





Third-Party BizVerify




Wujiang Idear Textile Co., Limited






Registration Information


Company Name:Wujiang Idear Textile Co., Limited 


Registered Address: Xihuan Road West (Linsangchang), Shengze Town,  Wujiang City Jiangsu Province, China. 


AIC Registration No.:320584000175770 


Registry: 


Legal Representative:QIU, Hai Rui 


Legal Status: 


Date of Establishment:2008-01-04 


Registered Capital:RMB3,000,000 


Business Scope:Subject is mainly engaged in textiles, clothing, leather products, textile raw materials sales. 


Operation Duration: 


Last AIC Annual Checking Date:
						2015 
					


SMR Reference:170303


Date of Certification:2017-03-16



Contact Person


Contact Person:QIU, Hai Ru 


Post:General Manager 


Contact Phone:86-512-63087860 / 86-18912725386 


Contact Fax:86-512-63577959 







				"Third-Party BizVerify" is an authentication service provided by a Third-Party Credit-Reporting Company to authenticate and verify the identity and legitimacy of DIYTrade member. 
More Info
A & V Liability Disclaimer





                  Other Languages:
                              
                              简体 | 
                              
                              繁體







This member assumes full responsibility for the content of this listing. DIYTrade accepts no responsibility whatsoever in respect of such content.To report fraudulent or illegal content, please click here.





 


DIYTrade.com


DIYTrade International


自助贸易中国站 (简体)


自助貿易中國站 (繁體)




Services


Member Service


DIY Website


Successful Story
              (DIYShop)
              	
               
               
         



Buying on DIYTrade.com


Browse by Category


Subscribe Product Alert




Selling on DIYTrade.com


Post Products


Post Company Info


Build Website




DIYSite Group


DIYTrade.com


DIYSite.com


ChinaBestPrice.com






Home
     | About Us | Services | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | FAQ | Recruitment | Mobile Version

Copyright 1999-2017 DIYSite.com Limited. All rights reserved.













Third-Party Opinion - YAMATO HOLDINGS CO., LTD.










[]

























Home >
CSR > Third-Party Opinion













Masatoshi Tamamura
Professor
Faculty of Policy Management
Keio University


Orientation of this Third-Party Opinion and Points to Note
This Third-Party Opinion was written based on the author’s interviews with relevant parties inside and outside the company, his field research on Project G in Iwate Prefecture and Aomori Prefecture conducted in June and August 2016, as well as assessment of the Yamato Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2016*.

*
The Yamato Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2016 covers the period of fiscal 2015 from April 2015 to March 2016, including information about activities before or after fiscal 2015. The report is further published in both an abridged highlights version (booklet) and full online report version (website). This Third-Party Opinion covers both formats. 
      In writing this Third-Party Opinion, the author also referred to the Yamato Group’s past corporate social responsibility reports published on its website in order to review the company’s PDCA cycle and check trends in its approach to CSR (the Environmental Report for fiscal 2000 to fiscal 2003, the Environmental Sustainability Report for fiscal 2004, and the Corporate Social Responsibility Report for fiscal 2005 onward). 
This Third-Party Opinion examines the Yamato Group’s “Approach to CSR: System for Defining and Implementing Corporate Stance/Materiality” and “CSR Report: Objectivity and Ease of Understanding” as described in the Yamato Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2016 using an independent perspective from the Yamato Group based on the author’s expertise. In turn, this Third-Party Opinion provides the author’s views broken down by areas of excellence and areas in need of future improvement.

1. Approach to CSR: Corporate Attitude, Contents of Implementation, Defining Matters of Weight, System
Areas of Excellence
The Yamato Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2016 states “based on its corporate philosophy, CSR represents the very essence of management.” 
The company’s fundamental approach underpinning its corporate philosophy is indicated as the company precepts established in 1931 that contain the company’s founding spirit. In particular, the first precept states, “We ‘all’ represent the company.” The company’s website explains that employees identify themselves as an integral part of the Yamato Group and that the company highly values this spirit where corporate management represents a combination of the strengths of each and every employee.
Employees, who individually have contact with society, maintain a stance closely imbued by the precept “We ‘all’ represent the company.” Management policy dictates that employees play an integral role in the company’s corporate social responsibilities, which can be viewed as a strength, I believe.
In actuality, the Yamato Group’s employees have developed and established various services to address social issues based directly on customer feedback and their experience on the frontlines, and as a result the company itself fulfills its corporate social responsibilities as a company that forms an important piece of social infrastructure. As a widely known example, I would like to cite TA-Q-BIN, a small parcel delivery service empire established by the company forty years ago so that consumers could know when a parcel would be picked up or delivered. This was followed by a number of services that address difficulties in society, such as TA-Q-BIN Collect, a payment on delivery service essential to the spread of online and mail order shopping, Cool TA-Q-BIN, for delivering fresh produce, and Time Period Delivery, designating a time when a parcel will be delivered.
The Yamato Group is also implementing Project G (Government), which seeks to address social issues through close partnerships with local governments and organizations as a means to furthering the use of Yamato Group solutions. The Yamato Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2016 explains that up to June 2016 a total of 1,770 projects have been considered, with 529 of these projects now being implemented as actual services.
Project G is seeking to build a collaborative social system that utilizes the strengths of all stakeholders involved, including local governments and organizations, as a means of the Yamato Group creating shared value (CSV).
The number of these projects and services continues to increase with each passing year. Employees with a keen sense of the issues through their experience on the frontlines and with customers are establishing collaborative mechanisms with various players based on their strong sense of motivation and providing the Yamato Group’s logistics technology, information technology and financial technology as a platform, which results in collaborative projects with local governments and organizations. As a result, the Yamato Group is making forward progress with solving difficult to address social issues, having a positive impact on society in every corner of Japan.
Project G has focused mainly on initiatives with local governments in regional areas of Japan, but as covered in the Yamato Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2016, the lifestyle support service was launched in April 2016 with the collaboration of the Yamato Group, Urban Renaissance Agency and the City of Tama as a project focused on urban areas. Additionally, in fiscal 2015, through its International Cool TA-Q-BIN service, the Yamato Group is using its robust international network alongside local governments such as Aomori Prefecture to help connect restaurants outside of Japan with local Japanese producers, creating a new innovation only possible by the Yamato Group. In addition to its watch over services for the elderly and lifestyle support (shopping support, etc.), consolidated cargo, disaster reconstruction assistance, tourism promotion support, and regional revitalization assistance, now the Yamato Group has added living support in urban areas and international business development support to the mix. This demonstrates that the Yamato Group is implementing more focused and complex solutions.
I believe the Yamato Group is well on its way to fulfilling its goal of becoming “a company most loved and trusted by society” as “Asia’s No. 1 solution provider in distribution and lifestyle support,” by the year 2019 when it will celebrate its 100th anniversary as noted at the beginning of the 2016 report. This is because Project G is addressing social issues through collaboration with various players as a company that forms an important piece of social infrastructure and thanks to its style of focusing on the contributions of each and every employee, who maintain direct contacts with society.
Areas in Need of Future Improvement
Yamato Holdings is working to expand its delivery business, grow its non-delivery business and reinforce its overseas expansion, all under the long-term management plan “DAN-TOTSU Management Plan 2019.” As a result, the social responsibilities expected of it have grown larger. I praise Yamato Holdings for its efforts to clarify materiality within its CSR initiatives based on a review and understanding of the impacts of its corporate philosophy and resulting expectations of stakeholders.
Given this assumption, every year Yamato Holdings is expected to check the themes for CSR improvements as well as to focus on considering its approaches to CSR together with its overseas expansion and putting these continual improvements into practice. 
Additionally, I anticipated that Yamato Holdings can increase the number of its strengths by establishing a mechanism across the entire value chain that can more clearly verify how each and every employee, who form part of the precept “We ‘all’ represent the company,” should be involved in CSR and CSV. This is likely already being put into practice, but by sharing greater details about its implementation and future policies, I believe the company’s stance will become clearer. 
Project G is a way of promoting the Yamato Group’s philosophy since its origin, which makes its acceleration, establishment and advancement important.
I believe approaches to Project G can be categorized as follows: 
Project G 1.0:  Enable elements (platforms) maintained by the company to be provided to society 
              Project G 2.0:  Establish mechanisms for responding to the needs of society
            Project G 3.0:  Establish collaborative models with various players to create shared value
As indicated in the feature articles section of the report, I believe that the Project G 3.0 model has become main format across the Yamato Group through its trial and error approach on the frontlines. As a result, mechanisms are being created that create new innovation in society and that advance solutions to social issues.
Going forward, I expect these level 3.0 projects to be promoted further across Japan to raise the bar higher. The domain of social issues addressed by Project G, however, cannot necessarily be identified beforehand in terms of how issues should be addressed and in some cases a trial and error approach is needed to elucidate the fundamental essence of issues. These projects also face the challenge of meeting the needs of social system or social program design and reform. The approach in such situations should be to facilitate trial and error approaches among Yamato employees on the frontlines tackling the issue or to advance a more collaborative model to establish a system for designing and building mechanisms collaboratively that address specific programs.
It will be important for Project G to be expanded to every corner of Japan to encourage greater mutual learning and interaction. Also, when providing an established model to another community, trial and error in each individual location will become important. I expect the Yamato Group to establish such a system for promoting and encouraging these types of efforts.
The Yamato Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2016 (print and website versions) provides commentary on the uniqueness of Project G through the feature article and other sections, indicating its role and value to the Yamato Group. At the same time, though, it is rather difficult to grasp the situation of the countless projects being implemented across Japan. The overall impression of this nationwide Project G is quite appealing, which by itself should lead to new collaboration. I believe the Yamato Group needs to consider nationwide collaboration and building a system to support such collaboration.
The Yamato Group engages in the delivery, BIZ-logistics, home convenience, e-business, financial, autoworks, and many other businesses. Several Project G projects are already being implemented that leverage such collective strengths of the Yamato Group, but efforts should be made moving forward to further advance such projects and heighten connectivity with its businesses to increase the effectiveness. I expect the Yamato Group to consider approaches with potential from various perspectives. 
In either case, I would like to see the Yamato Group clarify and publish issues faced from the further promotion and spread of Project G and the status of any improvements on a fiscal year basis.

2. CSR Report: Objectivity and Ease of Understanding
Areas of Excellence
The Yamato Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2016 features an abridged highlights version (print) and a full online report version (website). Currently, the print version is shortened, with more detailed and exhaustive commentary reserved for the online version, while current trends and data of note appear in the print version.
The format, delivery, and utilization methods of a CSR report needs to be tailored to the viewpoints and strategies of each individual company.
The print version in paper form with comprehensive and exhaustive information (as has been the format until now) has been attractive, but because many of the Yamato Group’s products and services such as TA-Q-BIN are used by the general public, making a print version easy to distribute and convenient to browse. It is important to modify how information is delivered based on the perspective of emphasizing stakeholder engagement, and I expect the Yamato Group to explore its future style and design of reporting based on how the report is actually utilized. 
The online version uses the Internet to foster communication by making the Yamato Group’s stance toward CSR and CSR initiatives more easily understood through videos and other formats unique to the Internet. Links are also provided to previous feature articles to encourage greater understanding. The Yamato Group is also focusing the attention of stakeholders by offering more details content within each year’s feature articles section. 
Generally, for its CSR report, the Yamato Group has put a system in place for stable communication by enhancing content and improving explainability by combining the report into a print and online version. I expect the Yamato Group to further advance its communication with stakeholders using this platform. 
Areas in Need of Future Improvement
I commend the fact that explanations use data, but I would like the future directions and issues to be elucidated by providing information that captures annual changes as well as relative data. I also noticed a gap in the presence and comprehensiveness of data based on the matter being discussed. For example, in the field of safety, in most cases the achieved results (outcome and impacts) were indicated using data, which indicates thorough efforts are being made with safety, an important topic of concern for Yamato Holdings. For the environment and society, too, information is provided quantitatively to every extent possible and I noticed information about outputs and qualitative explanations. Although there are domains where definitions and quantification of results is difficult, Yamato Holdings needs to supplemental explanations about the benefits provided to society in these cases and to detail annual changes or gaps so as to indicate advancements (even if qualitative in nature). 
Yamato Holdings should also appeal information disclosures and numerical data compliant with the latest trends in ESG investment and impact investing. Investor relations and CSR, however, have different aims and goals, so Yamato Holdings will need to closely examine relationships and policies (instead of completely integrating both). 
As for the impacts provided by Project G, which forms Yamato Holdings’ CSV, I expect there to be KPI for each individual project, so I would like Yamato Holdings to establish a scope for which it can disclose this information and then indicate the current situation and progress made overall, which will further enhane the effectiveness of these efforts.
Online information can be revised and distributed quite easily. Yamato Holdings already shares information about awards, agreements and events through the CSR News section. By more strategically sharing the status of CSR implementation and the situation after each event and agreement, visitors to the website will be able to have a greater sense of how the Yamato Group’s CSR is continually in flux. 
As for approaches to CSR reporting, I would like Yamato Holdings to share more detailed information on its annual improvements and updates to show what policies are used to make these annual improvements continuosly. 




I would first like to thank Mr. Tamamura for his very valuable feedback and suggestions regarding the Yamato Group's CSR activity reporting.
This report focuses on specific case studies in the areas of safety, the environment, and society, along with relevant data.
Ahead of 2019, our 100th anniversary, feature articles this year highlight our watch-over initiative for the elderly and the lifestyle support service in our aspirations to become "a company most loved and trusted by society." 
I am very honored to to hear Mr. Tamamura to say, “the Yamato Group is making forward progress with solving complex social issues, having a positive impact on society in every corner of Japan,” with regard to these initiatives.
Going forward, we will strive to make the report more accessible and easier to understand for all stakeholders by providing a clear direction with regards to the Yamato Group’s CSR initiatives as well as progress based on past data. 
The efforts of all of our employees in Japan and abroad, including Sales Drivers on the front lines, are the driving force behind the Yamato Group’s growth and the positive reputation our CSR initiatives have earned.
We stand commmited to giving back to local communities collectively as a group of companies, while also emphasizing our culture and philosophy when it comes to ensuring our employees have pride in their work and answering the question of what they can do to make a difference for customers in their community. 



Tomoki Otani
Yamato Holdings Co., Ltd. 
Senior Executive Officer
Legal Affairs & CSR Strategy
































Back To The Top





Privacy
Disclaimer
Site Use















Japan Inspection Co., Ltd. | About












 



Home
About
Services
Contact
 日本語













HOME  > 
About




ABOUT US







Company Profile





Company Name
Japan Inspection Co., Ltd.（JIC）


Head Office
RBM Higashi Yaesu Bldg. 10F, 2-9-1
Hatchobori, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-0032
Tokyo, 104-0032, JAPAN


Telephone
+81-3-3537-3661


Facsimile
+81-3-3537-3676


Branch Offices
Muroran, Kashima, Kimitsu,
Yokohama, Nagoya, Osaka,
Wakayama, Kobe, Himeji,
Nishinihon, Tokuyama, Susaki,
Kanda, Oita


Laboratory
Osaka


Established
April 15, 1953


Capital
100million JPY


Account settled in
March


CEO & President
Katsuhiko Noro









Company History





1953
April
Founded　 ~ The first Japanese inspection company of private foundation, as an independent and unbiased organization, with the support of domestic business firms such as Mechanical, Electrical, Metal & Steel industries, Banks and Trading companies, etc.
Commenced the inspection services for the exporting machineries



December
Letter of Authorization for inspection organization received from the Minister of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry.







1963
April
Commenced Laboratory services (Testing & Analysis) at Tokyo and Osaka.


October
Commenced Marine services for Survey and Weighing.






1992
October
Commenced Consultation services for Quality Management System (ISO 9001) Certification.


Founded < JIC Quality Assurance Ltd. >





1994
August
Commenced of Inspection services for Prevention of Marine Pollution






2000
August
Commenced Thermal power plant audit services






2004
October
Commenced Human resource supply services.



Commenced Software development support for Information Technology






2012
October
Founded a subsidiary in Shanghai, P. R. of China (JAPAN INSPECTION (SHANGHAI) CO., LTD.)





2013
January
Founded a subsidiary in Seoul, South Korea (JAPAN INSPECTION KOREA CO., LTD.)









Present State






Stockholder composition (as of April, 2016)
						Number of Stocks Issued: 228,000 Stocks
						Number of Stockholders: 49 Stockholders
						Banks -23%,General Corporations -38%,Stockholding Association[including Employees - 39% 
					

Number of employees (as of April, 2016)
						264 persons 


Operating Income (Fiscal year 2015) 
						3,338 million Yen


Affiliated companies
						Japan Environment Inspection Co., Ltd.
						Japan Inspection (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.














JIC Group - Code of Conduct


On September 24, 2014, the Board of Directors of Japan Inspection Co,. Ltd. adopted this JIC Group Code of Conduct.


This JIC Group Code of Conduct sets forth the basic internal standards to be observed by all directors, officers and employees of JIC Group (“Personnel”).
Definition: For the purpose of this code, “JIC Group” means : (ⅰ)Japan Inspection Co., Ltd. ;(ⅱ) any company in which Japan Inspection Co., Ltd. owns directly ,or indirectly, more than 50% of its outstanding stocks or interests with voting rights.; and (ⅲ) other companies that will from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors of Japan Inspection Co., Ltd. to be included.
Any amendment of this JIC Group Code of Conduct will be subject to the approval of the Board of Directors of Japan Inspection Co., Ltd..

JIC Group commits itself to be bound by this JIC Group Code of Conduct.
Furthermore, all Personnel are required to know, understand and comply with this JIC Group Code of Conduct.


1.  Compliance with Laws, Internal Rules and Policies
    The policy of JIC Group that makes it a principle to play fair is to comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the countries and regions in which it operates and to conduct its business activities in an honest and ethical manner.All Personnel are expected and directed to know, understand and comply with all applicable laws and regulations as well as all internal company rules and policies relating to their business activities.

2.  Honest and Fair Business Conduct
2.1 Provision of Fair and High Quality Services
    Japan Inspection Co., Ltd. was founded as a third-party inspection agency. JIC Group will endeavor to provide fair and high quality services by firmly inheriting its founding spirit.

2.2 Fair Trade
    (1) Elimination of Unfair Trade
          JIC Group eliminates any action that impedes fair trade and fair competition, such as that involving collusion and price adjustment.
    (2) Bribery and Entertainment
         (a) When it directly affects, or is likely to be seen to directly affect the business relationship with the other party, JIC Group prohibits the giving of any payment or gift to individuals employed by customers, business partners or other related companies.
             No bribe or entertainment for public officials, either in Japan or abroad, which is specifically prohibited by law, may be given in principle.
         (b) In case of entertaining customers, etc., it is done in an appropriate range within the bounds of social acceptability.
         (c) Personnel must not request any payment or gift to business partners. Also, if there is an offer of entertainment, cautious handling, such as reporting to or consulting with supervisors, etc., is required.
    (3) Elimination of Antisocial Forces
        JIC Group rejects any connection and dealings with antisocial forces and organizations in any way. In addition, JIC Group takes a resolute stand against antisocial forces and organizations and denies any unreasonable demands.

2.3 Confidentiality
    Information is a valuable corporate asset. JIC Group will safeguard its own confidential and proprietary information including personal information, and information that customers or other related business partners entrust to JIC Group.
    Definition: Confidential and proprietary information is information that has not been disclosed to the general public or that gives an enterprise an advantage over its competitors or that could harm an enterprise if released prematurely or inappropriately. Common examples include know-how, trade secrets as well as corporate strategy and information about customers and business partners.
    No Personnel may disclose or distribute any proprietary or confidential information unless specifically authorized by the company. Personnel are also required to use such information only for the purpose permitted by the company in connection with their duties at JIC Group and are not permitted to use it otherwise.

3.   Ethical Personal Conduct
      All business activities must be conducted in the best interests of JIC Group. Personnel are under a continuing obligation to promptly disclose to their supervisors any situation that may appear to present the possibility of conflicting interests between Personnel and JIC Group. Disclosing this in advance is the key to remaining in full compliance with this policy.
3.1 Personal Conflicts of Interest
    Personnel should avoid any action which may involve, or may appear to involve, a conflict of interest with JIC Group.
3.2 Corporate Assets
    JIC Group’s assets are to be used only for legitimate business purposes and only by authorized Personnel or their designees. This covers both tangible and intangible assets, including brand, know-how, confidential or proprietary information, etc.. The private use and unauthorized use of corporate assets are strictly prohibited by JIC Group.
3.3 Whistle-blowing System
    JIC Group maintains a hotline system to facilitate communication concerning illegal, unauthorized or inappropriate conduct (JIC Whistle-blowing System).
    In the event of an actual Whistle-blowing incident, JIC Group will investigate the facts and take corrective measures where and if necessary. Personnel who come forward to report issues will not be treated in a disadvantageous manner unless it is slander based malice.

4.  Respect for Human Rights, Development of Employment Environment
4.1 Respect for Human Rights
    JIC Group, which respects and upholds human rights, diversity and different values, eliminates any discrimination or harassment based on nationality, race, ethnicity, sex, age, religion, belief, social statues, disability or other factors.
4.2 Development of Sound Employment Environment
    JIC Group strives to provide equal employment opportunities and to build a sound employment environment for Personnel to demonstrate their maximum abilities.

5.  Environmental Conservation
    JIC Group is always conscious of responsibility towards environmental conservation and works on environmental issues positively.

6.  Harmony with Each Country and Region
    JIC Group respects the culture and custom, etc. in each country and region where it carries out its business activities. It strives to act fairly in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations and contribute to the economic, social and environmental progress from a development point of view in each country and region.
Date：  1st October 2014














About JIC
JIC supports the reliability of industrial and social activities and eventually accomplish the social contribution by providing fair, honest and high quality inspection services. 
more about




Certified











Head Office

Japan Inspection Co., Ltd.（JIC）
RBM Higashi Yaesu Bldg. 10F, 2-9-1
Hatchobori, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-0032
JAPAN
FAX:+81-3-3537-3676
PHONE:+81-3-3537-3661












2014 © Japan Inspection Co., Ltd. All rights reserved







