


	Business Profile - Animalcare Group plc













No Javascript detected! This website works best with Javascript enabled. Here is some help to get you started - How to enable Javascript






×




loading















X






























































                                        Business Profile
                                        
                                    







Corporate ProfileAnimalcare Group plc is a UK AIM listed veterinary sales, marketing and product development company resulting from the merger of Animalcare and Ecuphar NV.Animalcare is a pan-European animal health company, with a large geographic footprint. The Company has direct sales in seven countries and exports to approximately 50 markets worldwide.The company has nearly 100 sales representatives and 28 agents operating across Europe and owns 50 licensed drugs, eight vaccines and over 100 care and nutraceutical products.The enlarged group is expected to have combined annual revenues of of over £80m.Animalcare invests in developing its own pharmaceutical products, seeks distribution partnerships and product acquisitions.OperationsDirect Sales in Seven CountriesTurnover by TerritoryCompany StructureAnimalcare Group plc has trading subsidiaries in each of 7 territories (UK, Belgium, Netherlands, Spain, Portugal, Italy and Germany). For more information see Animalcare Ltd (www.animalcare.co.uk) and Ecuphar NV (www.ecuphar.com).



Cookies This website uses cookies. Read our cookie policy for further details.










Prev

Home




Next
Business Model








































	Market Report: ReNeuron Group Plc - Product Pipeline Review - 2015

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




ReNeuron Group Plc - Product Pipeline Review - 2015

     
                        Oct 14, 2015 - Global Markets Direct 
                    
                - 33 pages 
                - USD $1,500 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Companies


Request Details


Related







Global Markets Direct's, 'ReNeuron Group plc - Product Pipeline Review - 2015', provides an overview of the ReNeuron Group plc's pharmaceutical research and development focus.This report provides comprehensive information on the current therapeutic developmental pipeline of ReNeuron Group plc's, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. It also reviews latest updates, and featured news and press releases, along with special features on late-stage and discontinued projects.Global Markets Direct's report features investigational drugs from across globe covering over 20 therapy areas and nearly 3,000 indications. The report is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct's proprietary databases, Company/University websites, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources, put together by Global Markets Direct's team. Drug profiles/records featured in the report undergoes periodic updation following a stringent set of processes that ensures that all the profiles are updated with the latest set of information. Additionally, processes including live news & deals tracking, browser based alert-box and clinical trials registries tracking ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis.The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products.Note*: Certain sections in the report may be removed or altered based on the availability and relevance of data for the indicated disease.Report ScopetThe report provides brief overview of ReNeuron Group plc including business description, key information and facts, and its locations and subsidiariesThe report reviews current pipeline of ReNeuron Group plc's human therapeutic division and enlists all their major and minor projectsThe report features product description and descriptive mechanism of action for key pipeline products along with the product's developmental history and major milestonesSpecial feature on out-licensed and partnered product portfolioThe report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projectsLatest company statementLatest news and deals relating to the ReNeuron Group plc's pipeline productsReasons to Get this ReportEvaluate ReNeuron Group plc's strategic position with total access to detailed information on its product pipelineAssess the growth potential of ReNeuron Group plc in its therapy areas of focusIdentify new drug targets and therapeutic classes in the ReNeuron Group plc's R&D portfolio and develop key strategic initiatives to reinforce pipeline in those areasExploit in-licensing opportunities by identifying windows of opportunity to fill portfolio gapsDevelop strategic initiatives by understanding the focus areas of ReNeuron Group plc and exploit collaboration and partnership opportunitiesIdentify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantagePlan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying the most promising pipeline of ReNeuron Group plcDevelop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scopeExplore the dormant and discontinued projects of ReNeuron Group plc and identify potential opportunities in those areasAvoid Intellectual Property Rights related issues
Table of ContentsTable of Contents 2List of Tables 4List of Figures 4ReNeuron Group Plc Snapshot 5ReNeuron Group Plc Overview 5Key Information 5Key Facts 5ReNeuron Group Plc - Research and Development Overview 6Key Therapeutic Areas 6ReNeuron Group Plc - Pipeline Review 8Pipeline Products by Stage of Development 8Pipeline Products - Monotherapy 9Pipeline Products - Partnered Products 10Partnered Products/Combination Treatment Modalities 11ReNeuron Group Plc - Pipeline Products Glance 12ReNeuron Group Plc - Clinical Stage Pipeline Products 12Phase II Products/Combination Treatment Modalities 12Phase I Products/Combination Treatment Modalities 13ReNeuron Group Plc - Early Stage Pipeline Products 14IND/CTA Filed Products/Combination Treatment Modalities 14ReNeuron Group Plc - Drug Profiles 15ReN-001 15Product Description 15Mechanism of Action 15R&D Progress 15ReN-009 17Product Description 17Mechanism of Action 17R&D Progress 17ReN-003 18Product Description 18Mechanism of Action 18R&D Progress 18ReNeuron Group Plc - Pipeline Analysis 20ReNeuron Group Plc - Pipeline Products by Route of Administration 20ReNeuron Group Plc - Pipeline Products by Molecule Type 21ReNeuron Group Plc - Recent Pipeline Updates 22ReNeuron Group Plc - Dormant Projects 29ReNeuron Group Plc - Company Statement 30ReNeuron Group Plc - Locations And Subsidiaries 31Head Office 31Other Locations & Subsidiaries 31Appendix 32Methodology 32Coverage 32Secondary Research 32Primary Research 32Expert Panel Validation 32Contact Us 32Disclaimer 33List of TablesReNeuron Group Plc, Key Information 5ReNeuron Group Plc, Key Facts 5ReNeuron Group Plc - Pipeline by Indication, 2015 7ReNeuron Group Plc - Pipeline by Stage of Development, 2015 8ReNeuron Group Plc - Monotherapy Products in Pipeline, 2015 9ReNeuron Group Plc - Partnered Products in Pipeline, 2015 10ReNeuron Group Plc - Partnered Products/ Combination Treatment Modalities, 2015 11ReNeuron Group Plc - Phase II, 2015 12ReNeuron Group Plc - Phase I, 2015 13ReNeuron Group Plc - IND/CTA Filed, 2015 14ReNeuron Group Plc - Pipeline by Route of Administration, 2015 20ReNeuron Group Plc - Pipeline by Molecule Type, 2015 21ReNeuron Group Plc - Recent Pipeline Updates, 2015 22ReNeuron Group Plc - Dormant Developmental Projects,2015 29ReNeuron Group Plc, Subsidiaries 31List of FiguresReNeuron Group Plc - Pipeline by Top 10 Indication, 2015 7ReNeuron Group Plc - Pipeline by Stage of Development, 2015 8ReNeuron Group Plc - Monotherapy Products in Pipeline, 2015 9ReNeuron Group Plc - Pipeline by Top 10 Route of Administration, 2015 20ReNeuron Group Plc - Pipeline by Top 10 Molecule Type, 2015 21
Companies Mentioned in this ReportReNeuron Group Plc
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: PDF 
$1,500  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
Global Markets Direct is a leading provider of global business intelligence and market analysis. It publishes a range of high quality company and market reports created by its large research and analysis capability and drawing from its extensive unique databases of industry-specific information.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.




















Product Life Cycle Stages
















August 3, 2017



Posts
Comments


Product Life Cycle Stagesproduct life cycle stages explained 


Home
Introduction
Growth
Maturity
Decline
Examples
New Product Development
PLM Software Guide
Product Life Cycle Stages
As consumers, we buy millions of products every year. And just like us, these products have a life cycle. Older, long-established products eventually become less popular, while in contrast, the demand for new, more modern goods usually increases quite rapidly after they are launched.
Because most companies understand the different product life cycle stages, and that the products they sell all have a limited lifespan, the majority of them will invest heavily in new product development in order to make sure that their businesses continue to grow.
Product Life Cycle Stages Explained
The product life cycle has 4 very clearly defined stages, each with its own characteristics that mean different things for business that are trying to manage the life cycle of their particular products.
Introduction Stage – This stage of the cycle could be the most expensive for a company launching a new product. The size of the market for the product is small, which means sales are low, although they will be increasing. On the other hand, the cost of things like research and development, consumer testing, and the marketing needed to launch the product can be very high, especially if it’s a competitive sector.
Growth Stage – The growth stage is typically characterized by a strong growth in sales and profits, and because the company can start to benefit from economies of scale in production, the profit margins, as well as the overall amount of profit, will increase. This makes it possible for businesses to invest more money in the promotional activity to maximize the potential of this growth stage.
Maturity Stage – During the maturity stage, the product is established and the aim for the manufacturer is now to maintain the market share they have built up. This is probably the most competitive time for most products and businesses need to invest wisely in any marketing they undertake. They also need to consider any product modifications or improvements to the production process which might give them a competitive advantage.
Decline Stage – Eventually, the market for a product will start to shrink, and this is what’s known as the decline stage. This shrinkage could be due to the market becoming saturated (i.e. all the customers who will buy the product have already purchased it), or because the consumers are switching to a different type of product. While this decline may be inevitable, it may still be possible for companies to make some profit by switching to less-expensive production methods and cheaper markets.

 
Product Life Cycle Examples
It’s possible to provide examples of various products to illustrate the different stages of the product life cycle more clearly. Here is the example of watching recorded television and the various stages of each method:

Introduction – 3D TVs
Growth  – Blueray discs/DVR
Maturity  – DVD
Decline  – Video cassette

The idea of the product life cycle has been around for some time, and it is an important  principle manufacturers need to understand in order to make a profit and stay in business.
However, the key to successful manufacturing is not just understanding this life cycle, but also proactively managing products throughout their lifetime, applying the appropriate resources and sales and marketing strategies, depending on what stage products are at in the cycle.

NEW PLM Software Guide
The Complete Guide to PLM Software


 


Product Life Cycle Stages

About
Product Life Cycle Stages

Introduction
Growth
Maturity
Decline


Product Life Cycle Challenges
Expanding the Product Life Cycle
What is Product Life Cycle Management
New Product Development Stages
Product Life Cycle Examples
Contact Us
PLM Software – The Complete Guide


New Product Development
New product development process explained, step by step










The Stages ExplainedProduct Life Cycle StagesAs consumers, we buy millions of products every year. And just like us, these products have a life cycle. Older, long-established products eventually … [Read More...]


What is PLC?What is Product Life Cycle ManagementJust about all manufactured products have a limited life, and during this life they will pass through four product life cycle stages; Introduction, … [Read More...]


Developing ProductsNew Product Development StagesBefore a product can embark on its journey through the four product life cycle stages, it has to be developed. New product development is typically a … [Read More...]


Real Life ExamplesProduct Life Cycle ExamplesMost consumers probably aren't aware of the product life cycle stages. Even though they make a conscious decision to switch from one product to … [Read More...]


   Copyright  © 2017 Living Better Media   |  Privacy Policy   |  About   |  Contact Us








 Product Life Cycle (PLC)      Skip to contentFor marketing learners, teachers and professionals. Menu and widgets  Search for:  Watch VideosMarketing VideosRead LessonsLesson StoreMarketing EssentialsConsumer BehaviourCreative MarketingDigital MarketingEnterpriseEvents MarketingInternational MarketingFinanceMarketing CommunicationsMarketing EnvironmentMarketing MixMarketing StrategyRelationship MarketingServices MarketingSocial MediaSWOT ExamplesExercisesAnswers AboutMarketing TeacherTim Friesner's BlogMarketing TrainingReferencingContact UsGet in touchContent Writing (c) Marketing Teacher Ltd 2000 - 2017.
All rights reserved. Company number 05936182.Product Life Cycle (PLC)  The Product Life Cycle (PLC)LessonExerciseAnswerThe Product Life Cycle (PLC) is based upon the   biological life cycle. For example, a seed is planted (introduction); it   begins to sprout (growth); it shoots out leaves and puts down   roots as it becomes an adult (maturity); after a long period as an adult   the plant begins to shrink   and die out (decline).Decline. At this point there is a downturn in the market. For example more   innovative products are introduced   or consumer tastes have changed. There is intense price-cutting and many   more products are   withdrawn from the market. Profits can be improved by reducing marketing spend and cost cutting. Problems with Product Life Cycle.In reality very few products follow such a prescriptive cycle. The   length of each stage varies   enormously. The decisions of marketers can change the stage, for example   from maturity to decline   by price-cutting. Not all products go through each stage. Some go from   introduction to decline. It   is not easy to tell which stage the product is in. Remember that PLC is   like all other tools. Use it   to inform your gut feeling.Another marketing tool for evaluating PRODUCT is the Three   Levels of a Product.In theory it’s the same for a product. After a period of development   it is introduced or launched   into the market; it gains more and more customers as it grows;   eventually the market stabilises and   the product becomes mature; then after a period of time the product is   overtaken by development and   the introduction of superior competitors, it goes into decline and is   eventually withdrawn.The Product Life Cycle (PLC) is based upon the   biological life cycle. For example,   a seed is planted (introduction); it begins to sprout (growth); it   shoots out leaves and puts down   roots as it becomes an adult (maturity); after a long period as an adult   the plant begins to shrink   and die out (decline).In theory it’s the same for a product. After a period of development   it is introduced or launched   into the market; it gains more and more customers as it grows;   eventually the market stabilises and   the product becomes mature; then after a period of time the product is   overtaken by development and   the introduction of superior competitors, it goes into decline and is   eventually withdrawn.However, most products fail in the introduction phase. Others have   very cyclical maturity phases where declines   see the product promoted to regain customers.Strategies for the differing stages of the Product Life Cycle.Introduction.The need for immediate profit is not a pressure. The product is   promoted to create awareness. If   the product has no or few competitors, a skimming price strategy is   employed. Limited numbers of   product are available in few channels of distribution.Growth.Competitors are attracted into the market with very similar   offerings. Products become more   profitable and companies form alliances, joint ventures and take each   other over. Advertising spend   is high and focuses upon building brand. Market share tends to   stabilise.Maturity.Those products that survive the earlier stages tend to spend longest   in this phase. Sales grow   at a decreasing rate and then stabilise. Producers attempt to   differentiate products and brands are   key to this. Price wars and intense competition occur. At this point the   market reaches saturation.   Producers begin to leave the market due to poor margins. Promotion becomes more widespread and use   a greater variety of media.Published by Tim Friesner Marketing Teacher designs and delivers online marketing courses, training and resources for marketing learners, teachers and professionals.  View all posts by Tim Friesner    


ATTRAQT















ATTRAQT 


Online Visual Merchandising


Site Search & Navigation


Product Recommendations


Why ATTRAQT?




Case Studies 


Superdry


Calendar Club


The British Museum


Emma Bridgewater


Life Style Sports


Tesco


Wolf & Badger


Amara




Partners 


Become a Partner




About 


Executive Team


Careers 


Current Vacancies


What's it like?




Investors 


Share Price & RNS Accouncements


Major Shareholders


Company & Board


Governance


Reports & Documents


Advisors & Contact


AIM Rule 26




FAQs




The Latest 


Blog


Events




Contact













ATTRAQT Group plc complete deal with SDL plc to acquire Fredhopper. Click here to find out more.






ATTRAQT
Powerful Online Visual Merchandising


















Online Visual Merchandising
Empower the merchandising function and apply the most effective offline display methods online
More





Site Search & Navigation
Add powerful visual merchandising techniques to intelligent, intuitive search
More



Product Recommendations
Deliver more personalised, more relevant recommendations in real time to stimulate purchase and improve conversion rates
More






ATTRAQT is a revolutionary online visual merchandising tool that helps retailers deliver a step change in their conversion rate, and drive online sale success.








Superdry
The system is user friendly and cost-effective whilst delivering real returns. It's no exaggeration to say that we saw conversion rates increase overnight.
View case study




The British Museum
Serving a global audience of tourists, enthusiasts and experts, the British Museum Company plays a vital role in generating revenue for separate registered charity the British Museum.
View case study




Emma Bridgewater
We saw results immediately, within 10 days the Gift Finder Tool had paid for itself, and also received wide recognition from both customers and our extended business
View case study




Tesco
When you see how simple Freestyle Merchandising is to use, you would never guess how sophisticated the technology is.
View case study







News


5 Top Tips for Effective e-Commerce Visual Merchandising
Visual merchandising is something that we're all familiar with when it comes to an in-store environment. From shop window displays to the sweets around the checkouts, it's hard not to be influenced by careful product positioning. But when it comes to online visual merchandising, working out how to adapt in-store techniques and where to start can seem like a daunting task. So where should you start? Here are my top five tips to help you ensure your online visual merchandising is as effective as possible:
More


Increasing Site Conversion
Imagine you've got a physical store. Now imagine you don't bother to present any structure or implement any visual merchandising at all. Everything is essentially just thrown wherever it lands. It's the king of all jumble sales.This would never happen in a physical store. Millions of pounds are spent carefully planning not just the journey the customer takes through the store using display furniture, but positioning the right product in the right places throughout their journey. This is essential to the success of a stores sales.The absolute same is true when it comes to online visual merchandising. If careful planning isn't put into the journey your customer takes once they land on your site, your sales are certain to suffer.
More


5 Top Tips for Successful AB Testing
The most frequent question I am asked by a client about to embark on an A/B test is, “How do we increase our conversion/revenue". If I could give you a 100% guaranteed to work answer to that question I would be writing this from the rooftop pool of my Manhattan penthouse, but I'm not! While an increase in conversion and revenue is always everyone's end goal, you need to look at it from the right perspective to hit your target. So let's start with that and do the workings out: what do your customers actually want?
More



Please complete the form below to continue reading the rest of the article.


First name



Last name



Company



Email address

























	Advertising, Branding, Consumer Insight, Digital, Marketing, PR, Design, Media - WPP











































Follow us | 
Contact us | 
New business enquiries | 
Privacy policy | 
Cookies | 
Group intranet

Search


          
        Go




Home
About Us
Sustainability
Our Companies
Press Centre
Investor Centre
Reading Room
Careers
WPPED Cream















Search our companies





 








                     Go 
                





                    Advanced Search >
                









Annual Report 2016 
Code of Business Conduct 
Sustainability Report 2016/2017 
Financial News 
Group History 
Graduate Opportunities 
Press Releases 
The Store 
What We Do 
WPP Digital 






Stock quote




uk
                1543.73 
            




us
                103.00
            







Last updated at: 17:12 GMT 
Detailed price information







Welcome to WPP: A world leader in marketing communications
WPP companies exist to help their clients compete successfully: in marketing strategy, advertising, every form of marketing communication and in monitoring progress. More..














Reading room






                            Amazon Spark
                        



                            New Facebook Messenger Ads
                        



                            Amazon Prime Day
                        



                            MEC @ Cannes 2017
                        



                            Speak Easy Report
                        









Latest news


                            tenthavenue invests in urban innovation firm LOOM Media in the US
                        
01 August


                            WPP invests in VR/AR company Within Unlimited in the US
                        
26 July


                            Grey acquires full-service digital agency Sensio in France
                        
20 July


                            WPP agrees to acquire creative agency group, thjnk AG, in Germany
                        
13 July

















MANBOOBS,
                    DAVID - Buenos Aires











WPP is a world leader in advertising and marketing services. 

© 1999-2017
Terms & conditions
                    |
                
Accessibility
                    |
                
e.wire news bulletin
                    |
                
Site Map





                        Twitter
                    



                        Facebook
                    



                        Google+
                    



                        LinkedIn
                    



                        YouTube
                    



                        Mobile  
                    









 SEO & Digital Marketing Agency - Leeds & London | WMG           0845 340 3799enquiries@wmg.uk.com    Facebook    Twitter    Google+    LinkedIn    YouTube    CONTENT MARKETING 101:HOW TO KICK-START YOUR CONTENT MARKETING STRATEGY      WELCOME TO WMGOur SEO Agency is renowned for fusing creativity, curiosity and lateral thinking, WMG delivers targeted digital marketing campaigns which drive traffic, boost sales and increase your ROI. Our internal IP makes what we do completely unique. Here’s how… SEOGrowing your online presence means optimising your SEO. Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) is the process by which websites are ‘tuned’ to make them rank higher in natural search engine results listings. CONTENT MARKETINGThe success of your SEO strategy lies largely in the content of your website. When relevant, unique content is created and then amplified, your website will see a boost in rankings, attracting traffic and boosting your potential to convert visitors. MOBILE SEOWith Google’s move to introduce mobile ranking signals, our mobile SEO audit can ensure that your site is fully compliant with all of Google’s mobile SEO requirements and ranks high in mobile searches. PPCWhether it’s traditional PPC Adwords campaigns on Google, Bing and Yahoo, or social PPC on platforms like Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, LinkedIn and Google+ Post ads, we have a solution for every businessWHO WE WORK WITHWe’re proud of the work we do. And we’re proud of who we do it for. Our clients are a combination of some of the biggest brands and most exciting start-ups around. They’re as passionate as we are about all things digital. We work closely with our clients, creating synergies with their own online and offline marketing plans to achieve an integrated marketing approach.Here are just a few of the people we work with.  OUR CONTENT REACHThe content that we create for clients has appeared in many tier one publications, including the following outlets.OUR CHARITY OF THE YEARWMG is proud to be committed to supporting Saint Michael’s Hospice in Harrogate, by becoming a charity partner and joining their corporate initiative, the Business 500 Club.  This will help change the lives of many local people who are living with terminal illness and bereavement, at no cost to them. We aim to raise funds to help the hospice through various activities across the Group.HOW CAN WE HELP YOU?We’d love to help. If you’d like help with your current challenges, if you know your campaigns could be working harder, then let’s talk.     Let us know what you'd like: Site AnalysisSocial AnalysisPPC AnalysisMarket Share AnalysisOr send us a message and we'll get right back to you...                   


How to Create a Marketing Plan (with Pictures) - wikiHow
























 



























  






MESSAGES



LOG IN

Log in

Facebook
Google


wikiHow Account


		No account yet?		Create an account


 


EXPLORE
Community DashboardRandom ArticleAbout UsCategoriesRecent Changes 


HELP US
Write an ArticleRequest a New ArticleAnswer a RequestMore Ideas... 


EDIT
Edit this Article 





 






Home » Categories  » Finance and Business » Business » Business Promotion » Marketing 

ArticleEditDiscuss









Reader ApprovedwikiHow to Create a Marketing Plan
Four Parts:Conducting a Situation AnalysisResearching Your Strengths and WeaknessesBrainstorming Your Marketing PlanWriting Your Marketing PlanCommunity Q&A
A marketing plan is a plan that outlines your full marketing strategy for the coming year. It will include who you are marketing to, how you will market to them, and the strategies you will use to connect with customers and attract sales. The goal of the marketing plan is to outline how you will present your products and services to your target market.







Steps


Part 1

Conducting a Situation Analysis









1

Consider your company's goals. The goal of a situation analysis is to look at your company's current marketing situation. From there, changes can identified and made. Begin by looking at your company's mission and goals (if your company doesn't have one, then, this has to be clarified before you start), and determine if your company's current marketing plan is helping to meet those goals or not.


For example, you may own a snow plowing and winter maintenance business, and may have set a goal to grow your overall revenues by 10% by adding more contracts. Do you have a marketing plan that outlines how you will attract those additional contracts? If so, is it working?










2

Examine your current marketing advantages and challenges. What is attracting customers to your business now? What is attracting customers to your competitor's business? Chances are your strengths are attracting customers to your business, and knowing these strengths is an important marketing advantage.[1]

Come up with concrete, definitive strengths and advantages that customers will find when they work with you. These are called internal characteristics of the company, and they're what determine a customer's level of satisfaction.[2]

Potential strengths could be low cost, excellent customer service, user friendliness, or speed.[3]

Distinguish yourself from the competition. This may be tied with your strengths, or it may just be a fact of doing business with your company. But if you want customers to choose you over your competitors, you'll need to figure out beforehand why they should do that.[4]

You should also be aware of your company's potential weaknesses and shortcomings, as these are also internal characteristics that matter to consumers. Once you've identified weaknesses you should begin planning ways to address those issues. If you don't, those weaknesses could end up being a competitor's strengths.[5]










3

Research your target market. It is important to know precisely who are selling to in order to market to them. Knowing your target market and their needs allows you to determine where you should advertise and how you should advertise. If you do not intimately know your target market, you cannot effectively communicate how your products and services meet their needs. [6]

Conduct demographics research. You want to know the age, gender, location, and even income of your customers. You also want to know the psychology of your customers. If you run a snow removal company, for example, and your customers are large businesses, what are the things they value most from a snow removal service?
Utilize official government data on both the market and industry. You may want to look at economic indicators like price and cost indices, as well as employment statistics in your state, county, and city.[7]

If your budget permits it, you may want to consult with trade groups or institutions that conduct their own research and analysis of markets and industry trends.[8]

You should also research your competition. The only way you will be able to offer customers something that the competition can't is by knowing what, exactly, your competitors' appeal is. Do they offer better prices? Quicker turnaround time? If so, how do they offer those features? Are they cutting corners someplace else in their business plan? Knowing the competition's strengths and weaknesses is one of the best things you can do to help position your business for success.[9]










4

Educate yourself on external opportunities and threats. These are the external characteristics of your company, and they are determined by your competition, by fluctuating market factors, and by customers or clients. Your goal here is to look at the various factors that could affect your business so that you can adjust your marketing plan accordingly.[10]

Begin by analyzing market trends, such as observable shifts in what consumers want/need, and what they expect from a company like yours.[11]

Look at financial trends that may affect you, like the rise in virtual payment methods or current inflation rates.[12]

If you own a snow removal business and cater to large public sector institutions (like government buildings) you may be aware that tight government finances are making your clients more concerned on cost. Your business strategy (and marketing plan) should focus on how you can provide the lowest-cost quality service.[13]











Part 2

Researching Your Strengths and Weaknesses








1

Send surveys through the mail. If you have a broad and dedicated client base, you may want to consider sending out surveys. This will allow you to poll your customers on your strengths and your weaknesses. You can then build your marketing plan around your strengths (and know what assets of your business to really emphasize), and you can also make efforts to work on what others perceive as your business's weaknesses.[14]

Keep surveys/questionnaires short and simple. Your customers may have input, but they won't want to spend a lot of time and effort giving you that input. Aim for a survey that would fit on an index card or a half sheet of paper, but if you must go longer, make sure your survey comes in under two pages long at the absolute maximum.[15]

Consider a short-answer format instead of a simple multiple-choice survey. You can certainly incorporate a few multiple-choice questions if you like, but provide open-ended questions, asking specifics like, "What do you like best about our product/service? What do you like least? What would you like to see us improve on?" You may also want to ask a question like, "Would you recommend our products/services to friends or colleagues? Why/why not?" That will help you gauge your existing customers' level of satisfaction while also gathering information on what your strengths and weaknesses are.
Include a self-addressed, stamped envelope. You want to make the experience as easy and hassle-free for customers as possible.[16]

Don't forget to estimate the cost of printing and mailing surveys (both ways), and factor that into your existing budget, if you decide to use this method.









2

Conduct email surveys. These may be useful if you have a list of current customers' email addresses, which you might have collected anyway for contact purposes or for monthly newsletters. If you have your customers' email addresses, you may want to ask them the same questions as you would in a mailed survey. However, the risk with email surveys is that they might be relegated to the customer's spam folder. There's no way of knowing how many of your emailed surveys were actually received by your customers and no way of guaranteeing that your customers will bother to fill out the survey even if they are received.









3

Conduct phone surveys. This may be a touchy subject for some, as many people feel annoyed when they're called on the phone at home. But if your business relies on person-to-person communication, it may not be out of the question to conduct a phone survey. You can ask many of the same questions that you would in a written survey, asking customers what they see as your greatest strengths and weaknesses, and whether or not your customers would recommend your business to others.[17]

The downside to a phone interview, aside from potentially disrupting or annoying the people being called, is that you won't have the customer's responses in front of you like you would with a written survey. If you plan on conducting a survey, you'll need to have a fast writer/typer to transcribe your customers' responses over the phone. This may require hiring additional personnel to conduct the interviews and write down responses, which will then need to be compiled into a spreadsheet or catalog of feedback.









4

Conduct personal interviews. This doesn't have to be anything too thorough. You can simply chat with customers as you're ringing out their order or assisting them as you normally would. But face-to-face communication could be a great way to poll clients and learn what they'd most like to see improve within your business.[18]

Much like the phone interview, a personal interview will still require you to make some written account of what your customers said and what feedback they offered. This doesn't make it an ineffective or impossible plan to implement; it just means you'll need to plan ahead if you decide to go this route.










Part 3

Brainstorming Your Marketing Plan








1

Gather your information. Review any surveys you've conducted, and determine how you'd like to grow your business. Compare this with any real-world obstacles, including current and projected market trends, forecasted expenses that might arise in the near future, what geographic region and demographics you have had the most success with, and any competitors who also operate in that region or target the same demographics.[19]








2

Assign roles. As you move forward with your marketing plan, you'll want to assign specific roles to everyone responsible for the marketing of your business. Determine who would be the best fit for each role within your marketing plan, and define what that role's responsibilities will be. You should also determine how you will measure success for each role's responsibilities[20]








3

Declare your marketing goals. What do you hope to achieve by building a marketing plan? Is your end goal to broaden your customer base, to let existing customers know about new services/promotions, to expand into a new region/demographic, or something else entirely? Your goals will guide the creation of your plan.


Your marketing goals should fit within your larger business goals.
When developing your marketing goals, make sure your goals are tangible and measurable. Otherwise, it will be difficult to interpret your sales, and you may not be clear on what approaches and strategies were effective[21]

Use outcomes like increased sales dollars, increased number of units sold/manufactured, increased public awareness, or number of new accounts with clients.[22]

For example, your goal may be "Increase new contracts by 10% or increase social media presence".









4

Determine how to reach your prospects. Your strategic plan should target all three customer prospects: cold prospects (those who don't know your business at all, reached through advertisements and direct marketing), warm prospects (those who are familiar with your business, or at least have been exposed to your ads and marketing in the past), and hot prospects (interested customers/clients who know your business and are prepared to work with you).[23] You'll need to brainstorm how to reach all of your prospects, which may play a role in determining which marketing strategies you employ.


For example, you may opt to use social media, radio ads, signs, or flyer distribution to reach cold prospects. Potential clients who have shown interest or worked with you in the past could be actively contacted by salespeople who are trained to use the information from your research to convince the customer that your product or service is the best solution to their problem.









5

Develop marketing strategies to meet your goals. Once you've decided on your marketing goals and prospects, you'll want to follow through on that thought process to determine what you can actually do to meet your goals and reach your prospects.[24] There are many different types of marketing strategies, but some of the most common ones include:


Corporate or in-store events are a great way to bring customers in. This could be a dinner, a social activity, or any other event that will impress clients, motivate/unite your staff, or increase your exposure to potential customers/clients.[25]

Social promotions are almost always successful. That's because they promote your business while getting customers excited about your products or services. These contests can be done in-store or through social media, and typically involve offering some type of minor "reward" in exchange for frequenting your business or following you on social media.[26]

Consider paying for a short-term sponsorship from a reputable person or group of people who use your products or services. These endorsements can even be done entirely online through social media. It may not fit into every business's budget, as it can be an expensive option, but it's been proven to work for many businesses around the world.[27]

Don't overlook the value of clever or catchy advertisements. Finding your business's voice and visual style in a given campaign can be highly effective.[28]










6

Consider the role of social media. Various social media platforms can be a highly effective and inexpensive means of advertising your business, and should be a component of your overall marketing plan. Social media can be useful for advertising specials, discounts, doing promotions and communicating with your target audience.


Being active on social media keeps your business on the minds of customers. Consider writing blog posts or posting links about problems your customers may have, and how your business can provide a solution.
Discussion topics, promotions, and surveys can be ways of involving your customers in your business while simultaneously learning more about their preferences and deepening their relationship with your brand.









7

Set a budget. You may have some spectacular ideas about how to market your business and reach out to customers, but if your budget is limited then you may need to rethink your strategy. Your budget should be realistic and should reflect both the current state of your business and the potential growth you see in your business's future.[29]

Assess your current finances. You want your budget to be realistic, and that means taking into account what you can afford to spend right now. Don't blow your budget on the hope that your marketing plan will bring in a flood of new business, because if your plan isn't that successful you may find yourself hemorrhaging money.[30]

Start small with allocating your marketing funds, and work within your means. Go for tried and true advertisements that you know have the highest success rate with reaching new clients.[31]

Don't be afraid to stray from your plan. If things aren't working in one area of advertisements (say, for example, that your newspaper ads aren't reaching the right people), then try reallocating the time and money you would otherwise invest in that faltering avenue into other, more productive means of advertising.










Part 4

Writing Your Marketing Plan








1

Start with an Executive Summary. This section will include basic information about your product or service, and will provide a general summary of the entire document in a paragraph or two. Writing this first can help you broadly overview the more detailed sections you are about to write.


This is helpful to give your employees, advisors, and colleagues and overview of your plan.









2

Describe your target market. The next section will use your research to describe your target market. This does not need to be complex, and simple, bulleted steps will work fine. You can begin by describing the demographics of your market (include age, gender, and location, or occupation if relevant), and then describe their preferences relating to the products or services you offer.









3

List your goals. This section should be no longer than a page. Here, you will list all the marketing goals for your company in the upcoming year. Remember to apply the SMART acronym to setting your goals -- Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Realistic, and Timely.


A SMART goal would be "Grow overall sales to public sector customers by 10% before the end of 2016"









4

Identify your marketing strategy. This section answers the "how" of your plan, and it will outline your overall strategy for marketing. Your goal here is to focus on your Unique Selling Proposition (or USP) which is the main advantage your business has. This should be more clear after brainstorming and planning your marketing plan. Your strategy will sell your USP.[32].


In this section you want to describe how you will reach customers (attending trade shows, radio ads, cold calls, online advertising), and the general approach you will use to convince them. Here, you will want to focus on what you identified your customers needs to be, and how your USP can help them meet their needs.
The key in this section is to be as specific as possible.









5

Write the budget. In this section you will want to include the total amount of money you have to spend as well as how those dollars will be spent. It is best to divide your expenses into categories, and list the total amount spent per category.


For example, you may spend $5,000 travelling to trade shows, $5,000 on radio ads, $200, on flyers, $1,000 on a new promotion, and $2,000 on optimizing your website.









6

Maintain an annual plan (at least). Don't anticipate that your plan will go off without a hitch. Most marketing specialists recommend that a business revisits its marketing plan at least once every year. This will help you review what's been accomplished, assess how things may continue to progress based on current information, and determine whether any changes need to be made to your marketing plan.[33]

Be objective with your annual reviews. If something isn't working or if someone isn't performing up to your company's standards, you may need to discuss why things aren't working or why an employee isn't meeting his tasks. Or, you may need to rethink your company's entire marketing plan if things are really going off the track. This is where it may be helpful and worth the cost to hire an independent consultant. A consultant can review your plan and assess its success or failure, and may be able to help you restructure your plan as needed.












Community Q&A




Search


Add New Question




What if I fail to reach my goal?



								
								wikiHow Contributor							

Use it as a learning experience. Was your goal too complicated or too difficult? Did you just not try hard enough? Figure out the problem and how you will solve it so you are successful next time.

Thanks!

Yes
No


Not Helpful 0
Helpful 4









How do I target my market?



								
								wikiHow Contributor							

First, know who you are selling to, for example, are you selling to women between 20-40, who are living in California? If so, you'd build your marketing plan around their interests and habits, like the types of social media they use most often and the shopping habits they have. 

Thanks!

Yes
No


Not Helpful 0
Helpful 3










Ask a Question

200 characters left
Submit





Already answered
Not a question
Bad question
Other








If this question (or a similar one) is answered twice in this section, please click here to let us know.






Video










Tips


Remember to integrate the needs and ideas of every department (and every employee, if you feel comfortable with it) into your marketing plan. It’s also highly important to make sure that this plan integrates and meshes seamlessly with your business plan and your mission, vision, and core values statements.
Include any charts, graphs, etc. that you may have completed as a part of creating your Marketing Plan, as well as all charts, graphs etc. that are necessary to explain or expand upon any of the sections above.





Warnings


You should evaluate your marketing plan at least once every year to determine if your strategies are successful and reassess any components of your plan that have not been successful.
Many factors critical to the development of your marketing plan are dynamic. As these factors change over time, you will need to update your marketing plan.






EditRelated wikiHows





How to Write a Market Analysis




How to Do Break Even Analysis




How to Understand Marketing




How to Run a Guerrilla Marketing Program




How to Use the Internet to Promote Your Business




How to Segment a Market




How to Identify Strategy with a SWOT Analysis




How to Start an Affiliate Marketing Business




How to Make Brochures on Microsoft Word




How to Succeed in Network Marketing





Sources and Citations




↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/241953


↑ http://www.investopedia.com/video/play/swot-analysis/


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/245017


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/241953


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/241953


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/241953


↑ https://www.sba.gov/content/do-your-market-research


↑ https://www.sba.gov/content/do-your-market-research


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/241953


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/241953


↑ http://www.businessnewsdaily.com/4245-swot-analysis.html


↑ http://www.businessnewsdaily.com/4245-swot-analysis.html


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/241953


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/43024


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/43024


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/43024


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/43024


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/43024


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/43026


↑ http://www.forbes.com/sites/advisor/2013/04/17/creating-a-successful-marketing-strategy


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/241953


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/234204


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/241953


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/241953


↑ http://www.forbes.com/sites/markfidelman/2014/08/26/8-cutting-edge-marketing-tactics-that-work-better-than-facebook-ads/


↑ http://www.forbes.com/sites/markfidelman/2014/08/26/8-cutting-edge-marketing-tactics-that-work-better-than-facebook-ads/


↑ http://www.forbes.com/sites/markfidelman/2014/08/26/8-cutting-edge-marketing-tactics-that-work-better-than-facebook-ads/


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/206202


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/241953


↑ http://www.forbes.com/sites/davelavinsky/2013/06/07/three-steps-to-a-solid-marketing-budget/


↑ http://www.forbes.com/sites/davelavinsky/2013/06/07/three-steps-to-a-solid-marketing-budget/


↑ http://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/marketing-plan


↑ https://www.sba.gov/content/developing-marketing-plan




Show more... (30)






Article Info

 Categories: Marketing
In other languages:
Italiano: Sviluppare un Marketing Plan, Português: Criar um Plano de Marketing, Deutsch: Was gehört zu einem Marketingplan, Español: crear un plan de mercadeo, 中文: 做一个市场计划, Русский: написать маркетинговый план, Français: créer un plan markéting, Bahasa Indonesia: Menyusun Rencana Pemasaran, العربية: إنشاء خطة تسويقية 

Discuss
Print
Email
Edit
Send fan mail to authors
 
 
Thanks to all authors for creating a page that has been read 576,325 times.

Did this article help you?

Yes
No


 


 



 


Cookies make wikiHow better. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our cookie policy.


About this wikiHow














































 



184 votes - 91%
Click a star to vote




Click a star to vote
Thanks for voting!





				Co-authors:  26 

Updated: 

Views: 576,325




91% of people told us that this article helped them.






Reader Success Stories Share yours!




					VS
				

Viral Soni
May 27, 2016



				"This article is almost equal to what you could learn in an complete MBA class. Of course there must be some technical things as well but for an engineer, this info is pretty good."..." more







					lB
				

lgi Bozda
Jun 13, 2016



				"I had no idea how to prepare a marketing plan. Then, I needed to do so for a job interview. It helped to find about about the basics of marketing planning."..." more







					ME
				

Marike Erasmus
Jun 23



				"Thank you for a most informing and educational explanation on various topics; I truly have learned much. I am looking forward to your next posts."..." more







					EK
				

Ezam Kianinejad
May 11, 2016



				"It's quick and applied. It directly tells you what to do to have a perfect marketing plan and doesn't go through boring theories."..." more







					SD
				

Svetlana Dallish
Apr 9, 2016



				"Clear, short, and very understandable information about marketing plans."
			






					EA
				

Elaine Andrews
Sep 5, 2016



				"Breaks down a vague but important subject into specific, easy steps."
			






					TM
				

Tshepo Phillemon Motshwene
Apr 9, 2016



				"I really thank you for the information regarding the marketing plan."
			






					JP
				

Jitendra Patil
Jul 9



				"Full marketing strategies are given here from start to end."
			

Rated this article: 











					MP
				

Martine Philippe
Mar 12



				"I was able to visualize how to put a market plan together."
			






					TS
				

Teresa Sethole
Mar 3



				"The how to do the marketing was specific and detailed."
			






					AB
				

Abdelrahman Baz
Jun 8, 2016



				"Put outlines for creating a marketing plan."
			






					C
				

Chou
Apr 27, 2016



				"Those diagrams definitely help a lot."
			






					MK
				

M. Nafees Khan
Jul 15, 2016



				"It is very important in my life."
			






					RL
				

Rhonnie Lynn
Jul 13



				"A refresher on the basics."
			






					NA
				

Nurudeen Aileobini
Jun 4, 2016



				"Direct and simple lecture."
			




More stories
All reader stories
Hide reader stories





Quick Tips









Related ArticlesHow to Write a Market AnalysisHow to Do Break Even AnalysisHow to Understand MarketingHow to Run a Guerrilla Marketing Program 




 







Home
About wikiHow
Jobs
Terms of Use
RSS
Site map
Log In
Mobile view







    All text shared under a Creative Commons License.



Powered by Mediawiki.
 









Help answer questions

Learn more













238


Home  Toggle NavigationSign UpProductsInformationProcessingSolutionsAll ProductsCompanyAbout MarkitIntern ProgrammeMedia CenterOur TeamAlliance ProgrammeIndustry InvolvementEventsMarkit MagazineCareersAwardsInvestorsContact UsLogin to  Markit productsUse the login box to the right to login to the following Markit products. We are working on a corporate rebrand for our product names. Product names might differ after login.CDSCDS Reference DataCommentaryCounterparty ManagerDirectory AdminEnvironmental RegistryEquity Volatility DataETPIndicesLoansMSAPMIParsingResearch SignalsSourceStructured FinanceValuations ManagerSign UpForgot my passwordTerms of UseKeep me logged inKY3PSelectKY3PMarkitSERVSelectCredit Novation ConsentDSMatchEquity Derivatives RepositoryMarkitSERV PortalMarkitWireTie-OutsTrade ManagerPortfolio Management - WSOSelectMarkit WSOWebMarkit Agent ServicesMarkit Notice ManagerMarkit Loan Reference DataMarkit Corporate ActionsSelectMarkit Corporate ActionsMarkit | CTI Tax SolutionsSelectMD³®Pricing Data - Securities FinanceSelectSecurities Finance PortalTransaction ExplorerPerformance ExplorerInternational Index ExplorerUK Index ExplorerRisk ExplorerTransaction Cost AnalysisSelectMarkit Transaction Cost AnalysisMarkit BestExthinkFolioSelectthinkFolioInterested in Markit products?Markit delivers content, connectivity and technology designed to enhance how financial market participants operate. Get immediate access to our products and services.Sign UpSign up fora Markit loginFirst nameLast nameEmailPhoneAddressCityCountryAfghanistanÅland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBolivia, Plurinational State ofBonaire, Saint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, the Democratic Republic of theCook IslandsCosta RicaCôte d'IvoireCroatiaCubaCuraçaoCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and McDonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarRéunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint BarthélemySaint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and the South Sandwich IslandsSouth SudanSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuela, Bolivarian Republic ofViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabweState/ProvincePostal codeCompanyJob titleMarkit Product(s)Select a ProductInformationPricing DataBondsCDSCommodities DataLoansEquity Volatility DataSecurities FinanceFair ValueOTC Derivatives DataReference DataRED for CDSABCDSBondsLoansMapsIndicesPMIABXCDXCMBXLCDXMCDXPRIMEXTABXMBX, IOS & POiBoxxiTraxxIndex ManagementIndex ServicesHalifax House Price IndexiRxxTrading ServicesComplianceHubInteractionsEvaluationPaymentsResearch SignalsBestExTransaction Cost AnalysisRTS 28 Reporting SolutionMSAIndex & ETF Data ManagementExchange Traded ProductsSOLANOVAValuation ServicesPortfolio ValuationsPrivate Equity ServicesTotemValuations ManagerOTC ServicesAuctionsMetricsParsingRegistryData DeliveryCompressionDesktopResearch ServicesDividend ForecastingEconomics and Country RiskProcessingMarkitSERVDealHubLoan SolutionsCommodity TrackerLoan SettlementSolutionsRisk AnalyticsMarkit Enterprise Data Management (EDM)Counterparty ManagerMarkit | Genpact KYC ServicesKY3P™ (Know Your Third Party)Markit | CTI Tax SolutionsMarkit | Information MosaicMarkit Prime ServicesMarkit DigitalthinkFolioWSO SoftwareWSO ServicesCorporate ActionsIf you have any specific requirements, please provide them below. (optional)I agree to the terms of useI agree to the privacy and cookie policyThank youThank you for your interest in Markit. We will contact you shortly.CloseSubscribeFirst nameLast nameEmailPhoneCompanyJob titleGet Markit NewsEquitiesCreditEconomicsThank youThank you for your interest in Markit. We will contact you shortly.CloseSign UpFirst nameLast nameEmailCompanyJob titleInstitution TypeAcademicAccountantAsset ManagementBank (Prime Broker)Bank (Sell Side)Broker DealerClearingConsulting and AdvisoryCorporate (Non-Financial)ETF IssuerFamily OfficeFund Administrator/Custodian/Trustee/ServicerFund of FundsGovernment Institutions & RegulatorsHedge FundInsurance CompanyLaw FirmMedia/Press/PRPension FundPrivate Equity/Venture CapitalRatings AgencyResearch, IndependentSecurities Firm, InstitutionalSecurities Firm, Private BankSovereign Wealth FundTrade/Industry AssociationVendor – DataVendor – OtherVendor – RecruitmentVendor – ServicesVendor – SoftwareVendor – TechnologyPlease indicate how you would like to receive your copy of The Markit MagazineElectronic copyPrint copySearch Markit.com×Featured productsInformationLoans PricingMark-to-market pricing on over 6,500 loan facilities on a daily basis.Securities FinanceView insight into stock lending activity, short selling and institutional fund flow.ProcessingMarkitSERVMarkitSERV provides end-to-end, multi-asset trade processing services for trade confirmation, allocations, regulatory reporting and clearing.SolutionsMarkit EDMOur platform empowers business users who understand data to manage data.Markit on DemandMarkit On Demand is dedicated to the delivery and presentation of financial data, transforming complex information into elegant user experiences.Top 10 search terms:CDS, PMI, iTraxx, CMBX, Lance, CDX, ISDA Amend, ABX, IOS, iBoxxGet in touch with MarkitFirst nameLast nameEmailPhoneCompanyJob titleIf you have any specific requirements, please provide them below. (optional)MiFID II SOLUTIONSReady for MiFID II? See how we can help you.learn moreFRTB LAUNCHHelping to reduce capital impact under FRTBlearn moreSFTR SolutionHere to help answer the SFTR reporting challengelearn moreIntroducing a new perspective on loan market risklearn morePreviousNextCloseInformationProcessingSolutionsDebut of Position Reconciliation Portal for Syndicated LoansIHS Markit continues to drive integration and ease-of-use for loan managers with a new product for centralised reconciliation of data between agents and lendersMarkit launches FRTB Solution SuiteMarkit’s capital impact research shows our aggregated transaction data can result in a 40% reduction in capital requirementsIHS and Markit Announce Trading Symbol “INFO”“INFO” will reflect IHS Markit’s status as a global leader in critical information, analytics and solutionsCommentaryDeveloped world powers steady global upturn at start of third quarterEconomics | 03 August 2017China Composite PMI signals firmer start to third quarter but still no...Economics | 03 August 2017View More


 



















Marketing Services | blur Group












































Sign up now
For blur insight and white papers








No. of employees in company








Country







How did you hear about us?




Please select...
Buy services
Sell services
Both



blur Group takes your privacy seriously and will never share your details with any third parties







Thank You!
Error









email@email.comUS 1 (855) 702-8794INT +44 (0) 800 048 8664Buy NowWatch DemoBuyerYou're a click away from buying online.Buy NowSellerWelcome to more business through blur. What's your specialism?DesignMarketingContentVideoArtConsultingLegalAccountingTechnologyHuman ResourcesProperty Servicesblur DataSubscribe for intelligence on business services.Subscribe NowPartnerEarn revenue from referring businesses to blur Group.Contact us to learn moreNew MessageTopic:Subject:To:{{tagText}}×{{suggestText}}Select topic first, then add recipients.Message:SendCancelWe were unable to send your message. Please try again!







Marketing


Need marketing services for your business? Source from thousands of agencies on blur's Marketplace 

Whether you’re looking for digital support or traditional marketing services, you can use blur’s Marketplace to find the best marketing providers quickly at a price that suits your budget 



Buy Now 



Download White Paper 





See how the marketplace works 



Talk to us about your Marketing requirements


US:
1 (855) 702-8794


INT:
+44 (0) 800 048 8664 


hello@blurgroup.com
















Close













Look who uses blur































You can find thousands of marketing agencies that are ready and waiting for your project



Whether it's SEO marketing, branding, website analytics, competitor research and analysis, TV and radio marketing or customer acquisition, you'll find it on blur's Marketplace 










Projects by blur Service Providers 

A few outstanding projects that agencies have delivered to customers around the world 









Social Media











Cost 

Cost: $2,500 - $10,000













Delivery time 

Delivery time: 3 weeks - 6 months












Benefit
Quick, cost-effective delivery







Print Advertising











Cost 

Cost: $2,500 - 100,000













Delivery time 

Delivery time: 2 weeks - 3 months












Benefit
Quick, cost-effective delivery







Market Analysis











Cost 

Cost: $2,500 - $100,000













Delivery time 

Delivery time: 1 week - 6 months












Benefit
Quick, cost-effective delivery







SEO











Cost 

Cost: $1,000 - $300,000













Delivery time 

Delivery time: 2 weeks - 3 months












Benefit
Quick, cost-effective delivery















Buy Now

Watch Demo


Talk to us about your requirements

US: 1 (855) 702-8794

INT: +44 (0) 800 048 8664 
hello@blurgroup.com









All Marketing Services 





Marketing

 Multi Channel 
 Partner & Affiliate 
 Social Media 
 PR 
 Direct Marketing 
 SEO 
 PPC 



 

 Branding 
 Marketing Strategy 
 Campaigns 
 Content 
 Product Marketing 
 Display Advertising 
 Website Analytics 
 Mobile Marketing 



Market Research

 Competitor Analysis 
 Focus Groups 
 Market Analysis 
 Surveys 

Customer Acquisition

 Targeting 
 Lead Generation 
 Demand Generation 
 Brand Awareness 



Advertising

 Print 
 Guerrilla 
 Radio 
 Online 
 TV 









You can’t see the service you’re looking for?Contact us now!

Contact us








Single Platform.Multiple Solutions to market your business 

Submit your requirements, timeline and budget range using blur’s Brief app. Your project is listed on the Marketplace and relevant Service Providers pitch for your business. 




















Brief

Step One. What's the purpose of this project? What do you need? Our online brief app will help focus your objectives. 









Pitch

Sit back. Your brief is now live on blur. Within days, our platform will be delivering you a shortlist of killer pitches. 









Project

Let's go! You've picked your Expert. Now your project kicks off. Our project management app will keep you on course. 









Delivery

Success! A finished project. On time and on budget. A positive experience all round. Stress-free, and with great results. 









Buy Now

Watch Demo


Talk to us about your requirements

US: 1 (855) 702-8794

INT: +44 (0) 800 048 8664 
hello@blurgroup.com











Marketplace 

See All Orders









Location 



Type 





Description 



Industry 



Estimated Value










See More Orders 






{{PROJECT_COUNTRY_CODE}}
{{PROJECT_TYPE}}


{{PROJECT_DESC}}
{{PROJECT_INDUSTRY}}
{{PROJECT_BUDGET}}
{{PROJECT_BUDGET}}











Enterprise Buyer Plans 

Shorten your procurement process with complete sourcing, management and delivery solutions 












Single 



Group 



Enterprise 



Ultimate 







* requires an annual contract

** contact us for price list for wider training




Buy Now 



Contact Us 



Contact Us 



Contact Us 






Users 


1 



minimum 5 



minimum 15 



minimum 25 




Access fee 


10% 
of transaction value


Buy Now 





user / month  (billed annually) *


Contact Us 





user / month  (billed annually) *


Contact Us 



POA 


Contact Us 




Platform usage (annual value of transactions submitted) 

















TBA 




Number of transactions 

1 

500 

5,000 

TBA 




Features 












Access to purchase Goods in addition to purchasing Services 

 

 

 

 



Ability to place multiple purchase requests within one single order 

 

 

 

 



Ability to apply internal approvals workflow into purchase request process 

 

 

 

 



Purchase order management 

 

 

 

 



Reporting on multiple functions and geographies 

 

 

 

 



User dashboards with customized roles & permissions 

 

 

 

 



Company wide controls, account management & security 

 

 

 

 



Transaction messaging & email alerts 

 

 

 

 



Access to blur's online collaboration tool Project Space 

 

 

 

 



blur Data insights access incl. annual market trends report 










 



Customized blur Data services 

 

 

5% discount 

10% discount 



blur Manage services 

Available for an additional cost 

Available for an additional cost 

Available for an additional cost 

 



blur Express services 

Available for an additional cost 

Available for an additional cost 

up to 10 per annum 

TBA 



blur Engage annual workshop 

 

5% discount 

10% discount 

15% discount 



Training and support 

Online 

Online 

 ** 

 ** 



Global account manager 

 

 

 

Dedicated 















* requires an annual contract

** contact us for price list for wider training







Users




Access fee
Select Currency



$ USD - Dollar
£ GBP - Pound
€ EUR - Euro







Platform usage (annual value of transactions submitted) 



Number of transactions 




Features 




Access to purchase Goods in addition to purchasing Services 



Ability to place multiple purchase requests within one single order 



Ability to apply internal approvals workflow into purchase request process 



Purchase order management 



Reporting on multiple functions and geographies 



User dashboards with customized roles & permissions 



Company wide controls, account management & security 



Transaction messaging & email alerts 



Access to blur's online collaboration tool Project Space 



blur Data insights access incl. annual market trends report 



Customized blur Data services 



blur Manage services 



blur Express services 



blur Engage annual workshop 



Training and support 



Global account manager 



















blur's Marketplace




See All Orders 







Orders




Value of Orders submitted




Suppliers




Countries









Enterprise class Service Providers 


See more Service Providers 


































































