




RHJI Announces IPO of Remaining Stake in SigmaXYZ































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology












Powered by



        RHJI Announces IPO of Remaining Stake in SigmaXYZ    























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 

          Dec 18, 2013           - Thomson Reuters ONE      






Brussels, December 18, 2013 - RHJ International ("RHJI", "the Company") is announcing today that it has sold its remaining 10.9% stake in business consulting services company SigmaXYZ through an initial public offering ("IPO") on the Tokyo Stock Exchange ("TSE"). The IPO of RHJI's stake, equating to 490,500 shares in the newly-listed entity, follows the earlier sale of a 10.9% stake to a number of Japanese buyers in September 2013 and has generated proceeds of EUR9.6 million (JPY1,358 million),  




Sign up for unrestricted access to 200+ subscription services. 









                                    By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy,  and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions.
                                




                        Already have an account?  Click here to login.


RelSci News & Alerts gets you:

10 free articles a month from top subscription outlets like the Financial Times, New York Times, and Washington Post
Competitive business intelligence through daily data updates
Custom feeds on target high-value individuals, companies, industries, and topics delivered straight to your inbox







Related News Feeds






Board and Executive Moves involving SIGMAXYZ, Inc.







Management Consulting







Board and Executive Moves in Management Consulting







Alumni of SIGMAXYZ, Inc.




Create your own custom news feed 




Mentioned Entities




                          SIGMAXYZ, Inc.                      



                          Leonhard Heinrich Fischer                      



                          Shaklee Global Group, Inc.                      



See how you can reach these people and organizations 










You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Connect to Individuals and Organizations In This Story

Upgrade to RelSci Pro to easily sync your contacts and see how you can reach the people and organizations featured in this article.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now










Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















    The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. (8363) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis, Timetric
























Login -
  My basket -
  




EUR GBP 


























The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. (8363) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis, Timetric

February 2016
28 pages
Timetric
        

Report ID: 3638369



Summary
Table of contents
Search Inside


SynopsisTimetric's "The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. (8363) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, SWOT analysis, business description, company history, financial analysis, key employees, company locations and subsidiaries as well as competitive benchmarking data.SummaryThis report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd."The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.Scope - Examines and identifies key information and issues about "The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd." for business intelligence requirements. - Studies and presents the company's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities (growth potential) and threats (competition). Strategic and operational business information is objectively reported. - Provides data on company financial performance and competitive benchmarking. - The profile also contains information on business operations, company history, major products and services, key employees, and locations and subsidiaries.Reasons To Buy - Quickly enhance your understanding of "The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd." - Gain insight into the marketplace and a better understanding of internal and external factors which could impact the industry. - Increase business/sales activities by understanding your competitors’ businesses better. - Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.Key HighlightsThe Hokkoku Bank Ltd. (Hokkoku Bank) is a regional bank. The bank offers a range of banking products and services to individuals, corporate and SME clients. The portfolio of products offered by the bank includes time deposit accounts, foreign currency accounts, negotiable certificate of deposit, savings accounts, current accounts, cash cards, debit cards and credit cards. The bank also offers lease hold mortgages, apartment loans, home improvement loans, car loans, education loans, unsecured mortgages, large free loans, individual annuity insurance, term insurance, medical insurance, net insurance, oversea travel insurance and cancer insurance. Its service offering includes branch banking, fund management, credit guarantee, foreign currency services, safe deposit box, online banking, business solution map services, overseas banking support services, SME banking and advisory services related to merger and acquisition. The bank sells and distributes its products and services through network of branches and loan centers in Japan and representative offices located in Shanghai and Singapore. Hokkoku Bank is headquartered in Kanazawa Japan.
	

		Table of Contents1 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Business Analysis1.1 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Company Overview1.2 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Business Description1.3 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Major Products and Services2 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Analysis of Key Performance Indicators2.1 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Five Year Snapshot: Overview of Financial and Operational Performance Indicators2.2 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Key Financial Performance Indicators2.2.1 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Total Income and Net Profit Margin2.2.2 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Asset and Liabilities2.2.3 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Gearing Ratio2.3 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Competitive Benchmarking2.3.1 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Market Capitalization2.3.2 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Efficiency2.3.3 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Valuation3 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - SWOT Analysis3.1 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - SWOT Analysis - Overview3.2 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Strengths3.3 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Weaknesses3.4 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Opportunities3.5 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Threats4 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Company Statement5 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - History6 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Key Employees7 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Locations and Subsidiaries7.1 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Head Office7.2 The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Other Locations and Subsidiaries8 Appendix8.1 Methodology8.2 Ratio Definitions8.3 DisclaimerList of TablesTable 1: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Major Products and ServicesTable 2: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Key Ratios - AnnualTable 3: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Key Ratios - InterimTable 4: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Key Capital Market IndicatorsTable 5: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - HistoryTable 6: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Key EmployeesTable 7: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - SubsidiariesTable 8: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - LocationsList of FiguresFigure 1: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Total Income and Net ProfitFigure 2: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Financial PositionFigure 3: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Gearing RatioFigure 4: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Market CapitalizationFigure 5: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - EfficiencyFigure 6: The Hokkoku Bank, Ltd. - Valuation
	







            Loading...
          


            We are very sorry, but an error occurred.
            Please contact support@reportbuyer.com if the problem remains.
          









Immediate delivery






              $ 125 - 1 User License
              

              $ 250 - Site License
              

              $ 375 - Corporate License
              




Get Report
Pay by invoice
Get a quote



 Veronica helps you find the right report:

+1 718 213 4904
Contact by email




FAQ

Delivery time
User license
Payment options



Testimonials







The market research advisor answered my questions quickly and professionally. ReportBuyer's team did their best to ensure that I felt comfortable before making the investment to purchase the report.


Cristian Nunez
          Director of Corporate Development Chugach Alaska Corporation
        



My overall experience with ReportBuyer today has been very positive, and I must thank you for your patience (...). Also, the sample you sent me and the explanations provided were very helpful.


D. Lescuyer
          Executive Vice President Oral Business at Skyepharma
        



The research specialist was very helpful, and proposed the best content for my needs.
ReportBuyer also offered a great follow-up, thanks for everything !


P. Thompson
          EMEA Managing Director
        



We were satisfied with the support that ReportBuyer's team provided. Thanks to their recommendations, the report we purchased provided exactly what we want.


Y. Wang
          Business Analyst
        



We didn't have time to do the research internally, and thanks to ReportBuyer's team we were able to find the appropriate data.


S. Chen
          Research Coordinator
        



I was impressed by the customer service: it was fast, responsive, and 100% professional !


D. Krivan
          Market Research Analyst
        



The research specialist provided prompt and helpful service. He also followed up to ensure I had all the information to deliver my business development plan.


C. Adams
          Senior Business Development Manager
        












Our reports have been used by over 10K customers, including:









































































Related reports and data













                    Tamagawa Holdings Co Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Tamagawa Holdings Co Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact...
                                            
















                    F&M Co Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for F&M Co Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information,...
                                            
















                    iStudy Co Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    67 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for iStudy Co Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information,...
                                            
















                    Toyoda Gosei Co Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Toyoda Gosei Co Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact...
                                            
















                    Canon Marketing Japan Inc
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    69 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Canon Marketing Japan Inc  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact...
                                            
















                    Yamato Kogyo Co Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Yamato Kogyo Co Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact...
                                            





More…





        Country=Japan Date=201602 Topic=SWOTAnalysis Publisher=Timetric Price=1000
    












 
