SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd.: TYO:4779 quotes & news - Google FinanceMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreDocsBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceSOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd.(TYO:4779)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd.  (Public, TYO:4779)  
Watch this stock
 




















428.00


+7.00
(1.66%)





Aug 3 - Close


TYO
data delayed by 20 mins -
Disclaimer

Currency in JPY







Range

424.00 - 436.00



52 week

305.00 - 746.00



Open

435.00



Vol.

756,000.00



Mkt cap

13.25B



P/E

17.77



Div/yield

7.00/1.17



EPS

24.09



Shares

29.31M



Beta

    -



Inst. own

    -
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. »

Subscribe






Advertisement




Events




Add 4779 to my calendars





Oct 26, 2017
Q3 2017 Softbrain Co Ltd Earnings Release (Estimated)






Jul 28, 2017
Q2 2017 Softbrain Co Ltd Earnings Release




  



Key stats and ratios




Q2 (Jun '17)
2016


Net profit margin
7.08%
9.01%

Operating margin
10.76%
13.14%

EBITD margin
-
15.70%

Return on average assets
10.02%
14.25%

Return on average equity
14.96%
21.42%

Employees
222
-

CDP Score
-

-



More ratios from Thomson Reuters »

Address
9F, Sumitomo Trust & Banking Yaesu Bldg. 2-3-1, YaesuCHUO-KU, TKY 104-0028Japan+81-3-68802600 (Phone)+81-3-68802601 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.softbrain.co.jp

















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view





Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel









More from FactSet »










Description




SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. is a Japan-based company. The Company is engaged in e-sales manager related and field marketing businesses. Along with its subsidiaries, the e-sales manager related business provides software license, Cloud service, consulting service, customized development and training/development services. Field marketing business involves field activities and market investigation services. Other businesses include contracted software development and other businesses. As of December 31, 2014, the Company had five subsidiaries and one associated company.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





Hirofumi Toyoda

President, President of Subsidiary, Representative Director





Age: 46

Hiroshi Kinase

President of Subsidiary, Director





Age: 47

Tsuyoshi Ohashi

Executive Officer, Director of 3rd Sales






Junzo Osada

Chief Director of Main Office Sales, Manager of Human Resource Development Office, Manager of Operation Promotion Office, Director





Age: 42

Akira Kato

Executive Officer, Chief Director of Service, Director of Consulting, Director





Age: 41

Kenta Oda

Executive Officer, Chief Director of Development, Director of Product Development






Rikimaru Osabe

Executive Officer, Manager of Chubu Office





Age: 43

Hisao Shirouchi

Executive Officer





Age: 46

Tetsuya Tanabe

Executive Officer





Age: 41

Teppei Kinoshita

Chief Director of Administration, President of Kansai Office, Director





Age: 36



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service


Softbrain Co Ltd (4779.T)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Softbrain Co Ltd (4779.T)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				4779.T on Tokyo Stock Exchange


				428JPY
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥7


					            (+1.66%)
					        






Prev Close

¥421


Open

¥435




Day's High

¥436


Day's Low

¥424




Volume

756,000


Avg. Vol

366,350




52-wk High

¥746


52-wk Low

¥305











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Hirofumi Toyoda

46
2011

                                President, President of Subsidiary, Representative Director




							Hiroshi Kinase

47
2010

                                President of Subsidiary, Director




							Tsuyoshi Ohashi


2017

                                Executive Officer, Director of 3rd Sales




							Junzo Osada

42
2017

                                Chief Director of Main Office Sales, Manager of Human Resource Development Office, Manager of Operation Promotion Office, Director




							Akira Kato

41
2017

                                Executive Officer, Chief Director of Service, Director of Consulting, Director




							Kenta Oda


2017

                                Executive Officer, Chief Director of Development, Director of Product Development




							Rikimaru Osabe

43
2015

                                Executive Officer, Manager of Chubu Office




							Hisao Shirouchi

46
2013

                                Executive Officer




							Tetsuya Tanabe

41
2010

                                Executive Officer




							Teppei Kinoshita

36
2015

                                Chief Director of Administration, President of Kansai Office, Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Hirofumi Toyoda


					
							Mr. Hirofumi Toyoda has been serving as President and Representative Director of SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd., as well as President and Representative Director of a subsidiary, since 2011. He joined the Company in December 1999. He previously served as Managing Executive Officer and Senior Managing Director of the Company. He also used to work for a bank that is under the new name of The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., and two law firms. He obtained his Bachelor's degree in Law from Waseda University in March 1991.




							Hiroshi Kinase


					
							Mr. Hiroshi Kinase has been serving as Director in SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd., as well as President and Representative Director of a subsidiary, since August 2010. He used to work for ASAHI BREWERIES, LTD. and another Japan-based company.




							Tsuyoshi Ohashi







							Junzo Osada


					
							Mr. Junzo Osada was named Chief Director of Main Office Sales, Manager of Human Resource Development Office, Manager of Operation Promotion Office and Director of SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. effective July 1, 2017. He joined the Company in January 2011. He used to work for other six companies. He obtained his Bachelor's degree in Social Science from Toyo University in January 1995.




							Akira Kato


					
							Mr. Akira Kato has been serving as Executive Officer, Chief Director of Service, Director of Consulting and Director in SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. since July 1, 2017. He joined the Company in April 2001. He obtained his Bachelor's degree in Education from The University of Tokyo in March 2001.




							Kenta Oda







							Rikimaru Osabe


					
							Mr. Rikimaru Osabe has been serving as Executive Officer and Manager of Chubu Office in SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. since December 1, 2015. He joined the Company in April 2002. He used to work for other two companies. He obtained his Bachelor's degree in Commerce from Kyushu Sangyo University in March 1996.




							Hisao Shirouchi


					
							Mr. Hisao Shirouchi has been serving as Executive Officer in SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. since January 2013. He joined the Company in June 2010. He used to work for other two companies. He obtained his LLB's degree from Fukuoka University in March 1991.




							Tetsuya Tanabe


					
							Mr. Tetsuya Tanabe has been serving as Executive Officer in SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. since January 2010. He joined the Company in January 2006. He used to work for other two companies. He obtained his Bachelor's degree in Business from St. Andrew's University in March 1995.




							Teppei Kinoshita


					
							Mr. Teppei Kinoshita has been serving as Chief Director of Administration, President of Kansai Office and Director in SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. since December 1, 2015. He joined the Company in April 2001 and served as Executive Officer of the Company.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Hirofumi Toyoda

--




							Hiroshi Kinase

--




							Tsuyoshi Ohashi

--




							Junzo Osada

--




							Akira Kato

--




							Kenta Oda

--




							Rikimaru Osabe

--




							Hisao Shirouchi

--




							Tetsuya Tanabe

--




							Teppei Kinoshita

--



As Of 






					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Hirofumi Toyoda

0
0




							Hiroshi Kinase

0
0




							Tsuyoshi Ohashi

0
0




							Junzo Osada

0
0




							Akira Kato

0
0




							Kenta Oda

0
0




							Rikimaru Osabe

0
0




							Hisao Shirouchi

0
0




							Tetsuya Tanabe

0
0




							Teppei Kinoshita

0
0









					Insider Trading




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologyIT Services & Consulting

























	個股_研究報告_鉅亨網

























鉅亨網

研究報告



第一次使用？免費註冊 | 登入



















首頁
新聞

台股



台股首頁
台指期
選擇權
權證
興櫃
未上市



新聞頭條










外匯



外匯首頁
新聞
即時報價
看盤室
主要匯價
交叉匯率
新台幣
人民幣
日元
歐元



新聞頭條





全球市場



全球市場首頁
國際股
美股
港股
滬深股
日股
國際期貨
債券
黃金
全球央行
經濟指標
StockQ



新聞頭條





基金



基金首頁
我的基金

基金搜尋
基金排行

債劵專區
配息專區

研究報告



新聞頭條





交易



基金交易



鉅亨基金交易平台

交易登入
免費開戶
最新優惠
投資雷達




理財



理財首頁
銀行服務
房貸
投資分析
民生物價
試算工具
理財新聞
理財雜誌
固定收益
保險
租賃
股市地圖



新聞頭條





海外房產



海外房產首頁
馬來西亞
日本
泰國
柬埔寨
澳洲
英國

房地產新聞




新聞頭條





部落格



部落格首頁
名家專區
人氣排行榜
最新文章



人氣排行榜



主題投資















頭條
總覽

排行
宏觀
指標
時事
深度
台股
興櫃
美股
a股
港股
國際股
外匯
期貨
能源
黃金
基金
房產
產業


理財
研究報告

研究報告首頁
總覽
排行
台股
基金
外匯
黃金
全球股市
國際期貨
美股
個股
滬深股
債券
宏觀經濟

























                    總覽 > 個股







                            Softbrain Co., Ltd. (JP-4779) Tokyo Stock Exchange First Section


                            2017-06-08 
                            提供機構：FISCO                                                                                                                                                 
                             作者：FISCO                                             
                             點閱次數：2
                        




















 





















                            字體







◆Summary 
Record-high earnings in
FY12/16
Softbrain <4779> Co.,
Ltd. (hereafter, also “the
Company”), a major player in CRM
(customer relationship man­agement) / SFA (sales force automation) software,
offers sales and marketing solutions and holds a 20-30% share of the Japanese
CRM/SFA market. The field marketing business, handled by one of the Company’s subsidiaries, forms a second earnings
pillar for Softbrain. 
1. Hit new earnings record in FY12/16 
In the FY12/16 consolidated
financial results, net sales increased 30.9% year on year (YoY) to ¥7,719mn and operating income rose 49.5%
to ¥1,014mn as the Company
achieved double-digit growth in both sales and profit and posted record-high
earnings. In the mainstay e-Sales Manager related business, sales of e-Sales
Manager software grew a strong 78% YoY by large deal acquisitions. In addition,
the field marketing business also achieved double-digit growth in sales and
profit amid a continued shift to outsourcing by consumer-goods manufacturers
for their field activity operations at stores. 
2. Continued earnings growth expected in the e-Sales Manager
related business 
The Company expects continued
growth in sales and profit in consolidated FY12/17, with net sales up 6.2% YoY
to ¥8,200mn and operating income
up 4.5% to ¥1,060mn on steady growth from
its two core businesses. As more companies seek to leverage IT to improve
business productivity, steady growth is expected in the number of companies installing
e-Sales Manager, a sales support tool that is “No.1 for usability.” In order to strengthen the functionality
of its Business Intelligence (BI) tools, the Company introduced Tableau
technology from Tableau Japan, a leading company in the field of BI and formed
an alliance with SHANON Inc. <3976>, provider of the SHANON MARKETING
PLATFORM and holder of the top market share in Japan for Marketing Automation
(MA) tools. The Company expects this expansion of the range of its operations
to contribute to earnings growth. 
3. Continued growth in the field marketing business through
utilization of housewives as a labor force 
Amid a continued shift to
outsourcing by consumer-goods manufacturers for their field activity operations
at stores, the Company expects stable earnings growth in its field marketing
business owing to its ability to mobilize its nationwide network of 63,000
housewives as a labor force. 
4. Paid dividend in FY12/16 for the first time in 11 years,
expect dividend payout ratio of 30% going forward 
On March 14, 2017, the Company
announced FY12/16 dividend distributions of ¥5 per share. The Company cited
record-high earnings and the accumulation of substantial internal reserves as
factors behind the resumption of dividend distributions after an 11-year
hiatus. The Company also announced (hitherto undecided) FY12/17 dividend
distributions of ¥7 per share. In discussions with top shareholder Scala, Inc.
<4845> regarding increasing of Softbrain’s corporate value, it was
decided that the dividend payout ratio should remain at approximately 30% after
FY12/17 onward unless a particular need for capital arises. On the same date,
shareholder proposals put forth by Scala (nomination of directors and auditors
and allocation of surplus funds) were withdrawn and we understand Softbrain
will continue to work to increase corporate value under current management.




◆Company profile 
The e-Sales Manager related
business and the field marketing business are the two earnings pillars
1. Company History 
Softbrain was founded in 1992
as a software development company and, developed e-Sales Manager software in
1999 to help companies improve the business productivity. Since then, its
mainstay business has been the development and sale of e-Sales Manager. 
In addition, from 2004 to 2006, the Company established a number
of subsidiaries to expand. In 2004, Softbrain Field Co., Ltd. was established
to handle the layout of storefront and field marketing support such as data
collection. In the same year Softbrain Service Co., Ltd. was established to
conduct consulting and skill training focused on issues related to sales and
marketing. In 2005, Softbrain Offshore Co., Ltd. was established to handle
offshore software development and product management. In the same year, Diamond
Business Planning Inc., which publishes and sells magazines and books on sales
and sales promotion, was acquired and the company was converted into a
subsidiary of Softbrain. In 2006, Softbrain Integration Co., Ltd. was
established to handle consulting related to the integration of tablets and
smartphones into sales systems.


2. Business outline 
The Company consists 4 business segments; the e-Sales Manager
related business, the field marketing business, the systems development
business, and the publication business. The majority of both sales and profits
come from the e-Sales Manager related business and the field marketing
businesses, which are the two main revenue streams. It had 5 consolidated
subsidiaries as of the end of December 2016. Overviews of each business are as
follows.




(1) e-Sales Manager related
business 
The e-Sales Manager related business includes license selling
and provide service through cloud environment and support e-Sales manager,
CRM/SFA software. In addition it includes customized development, sales
consulting, skills training, and also support and training services for the
introduction of smart devices, such as tablets and smart phones. This business
divides two classes, “System” and “Consulting/Training”. System consists the development and
selling e-Sales Manager and consulting smart device for equipping IT solution
to sales staff. Consulting/Training is education business for sales person
managed by Softbrain Service. In 2014, Softbrain Integration Co., Ltd. received
certification from Apple Inc, joined Apple Consultants Network, and now focuses
on providing integration support services to companies using iOS devices such
as iPhone and iPad. 
“e-Sales Manager” is a software tool that helps enhance
sales efficiency by enabling users to grasp the situation quantitatively by
allowing them to visualize each process within sales activities. Environment
providing method of e-Sales manager can be divided into two types; the
license-type, it is purchasing type, and the cloud type in which is monthly
subscription model. In the license type, there is also an on-premises type, of
building a physical environment, including servers, within a company, and a
hosting type. In recent years, the number of customer using hosting services,
which do not require capital investment for servers or other equipment, has
been trending upwards. For the cloud type, the Company provides e-Sales Manager
Remix Cloud (¥6,000-/month per ID) as well as e-Sales
Manager nano (¥1,000/month per ID), which has simplified
functions and is intended for use by SMEs with 10 employees or less.




The scale of the Japanese
CRM/SFA (sales force automation) market is approximately ¥5-¥8 billion, of which the Company’s share is thought to be 20 to 30%.
Competitors include NI Consulting CO., LTD., and Salesforce. com Inc. of the US
(cloud type only). Salesforce.com holds the top share, of more than 40%, of the
cloud-type CRM/SFA market. 
In total, more than 4,000
companies have introduced e-Sales Manager, and they consist of a broad range of
companies from manufacturers to service providers. The strengths of e-Sales
manager include its usability, such as user-friendliness and processing speed;
and customer can select both the on-premises and cloud-sales types; and that it
is fully supported by services, such as consulting and educational services,
which helps to improve the outcome of an installation.


(2) Field Marketing business 
This business, which managed by the subsidiary Softbrain Field
Co., Ltd., mainly consists of carrying out field activities at storefronts and
field survey using “cast” (registered staff members), who are
mostly housewives in their 30s to 50s. It also provides the staffing service
for rounder, which is a service for the temporary staffing of and referrals for
“rounders” (field merchandisers), who carry out
the field activities. 
Field activities mainly consist of business negotiations for the
relevant products, the layout of sales floors, and the installation of
point-of-purchase ads at retail stores when consumer-goods manufacturers launch
new products, such as food items and daily commodities. Although these
activities used to be carried out by the employees of the manufacturer, the
outsourcing of these activities has become more common toward improving the
cost efficiency of sales promotions. The Company has more than 350 corporate
customers, including from its results in the past, and they belong to a broad
range of industries, although they are mainly manufacturers of food and
beverage and healthcare-related products. As of recently, it was utilizing more
than 63,000 people as its “cast,” and
the more than 120,000 stores that they cover nationwide include various types
of businesses, such as drug stores, convenience stores, and specialty stores. 
(3) Systems development
business 
Outsourced software development is undertaken by the subsidiary
Softbrain Offshore Co., Ltd. The Company sold its development subsidiary in
China in September 2013 as a part of its business structural reforms, though it
presently maintains a business relationship with it as a subcontractor. It also
continues to utilize its Vietnamese and domestic near-shore bases. In August
2016, the Company established a development base in Okinawa in partnership with
TAIYO CLOUD SERVICE Co., Ltd. 
(4) Publication business 
This business is comprised of the planning, publishing, and
sales of books, mainly relating to sales promotions and PR, and it is conducted
by the subsidiary Diamond Business Planning Inc. Utilizing its joint-venture
cooperation with DIAMOND, Inc., it carries out corporate marketing, IR, and
branding through publishing, and it is creating new value not only from the
usual business books, but also from the openings provided by its publishing of
corporate histories that tell “new” stories about the histories of companies.
◆Financial result and
business trends 
Record-high earnings in
FY12/16 
1. Overview of the FY12/16 results 
On January 30, the Company announced strong growth in sales and
profit in FY12/16. Consolidated net sales increased 30.9% YoY to ¥7,719mn operating income rose 49.5% to ¥1,014mn, ordinary income climbed 49.3% to ¥1,013mn, and net profit attributable to owners of parent
increased 76.1% to ¥657mn. Net sales rose for a fifth
consecutive year, reaching a record high for the third year in a row while
operating income rose for a third consecutive year, reaching a record high for
the first time in 11 years. Operating income reached ¥1,000mn for the first time in the Company’s history.
Earnings growth was due to strong
performances from the Company’s
two mainstay businesses, the e-Sales Manager related business and the field
marketing business, both of which achieved growth is sales and profits. The
operating income margin improved by 1.6 percentage points to 13.1% on sales
growth in the e-Sales Manager related business, which boasts a high marginal
profit ratio. The net profit attributable to owners of parent rose at a faster
rate than ordinary income owing to a decline in the effective tax rate. 
The Company also surpassed its
earnings targets, which it revised upward in October 2016. We understand this
is because, in 2H, the Company secured multiple large-scale projects for
e-Sales Manager and also won more orders than expected for
sales-solutions-focused consulting and skills training.


Double-digit sales and profit
growth in two mainstay businesses
2. Trends by business segment 
(1) e-Sales Manager related
business 
In the e-Sales Manager related business, net sales (for external
customers, same below) increased 17.9% YoY to ¥3,606mn and segment profit rose 78.0%
to ¥620mn. Sales of e-Sales Manager, which
account for over 80% of segment sales, rose 24% YoY on strong sales of
cloud-type and hosting-type services. Sales of consulting and skills training
for sales person also rose 19% on strong demand. 
Segment profit margin showed significant improvement, rising to
17.2% from 11.4% in FY12/15 on sales growth from high-margin e-Sales Manager.
Multiple large-scale projects secured in 2H contributed to this sales growth.
Because of its ease of use, some customers have switched from competing
products to e-Sales Manager.


(2) Field Marketing business 
The field marketing business posted record-high earnings with
net sales increasing 54.8% YoY to ¥3,302mn
and segment profit rising 16.0% to ¥371mn.
Amid a shift to outsourcing by consumer-goods manufacturers for their field
activity operations at stores, the Company’s services have earned an excellent reputation among these
manufacturers and this has enabled it to acquire the large-scale projects that
made a sizable contribution to the increases in sales and profits in this
segment. A feature of the Company’s services is that it charges on a
per-visit basis, which clarifies costs for customers, furthermore one of its
strengths is that it is able to provide a variety of services, including
temporary staffing services, that are tailored to meet customer needs and this
was also a factor behind the Company’s
strong earnings.


(3) Systems development
business 
In the systems development business, net sales increased 20.0%
YoY to ¥533mn and segment profit rose by 2.6
times to ¥7mn. In the context of its limited
human resources, the Company is prioritizing securing stable earnings through
careful project management. Growth in sales and profit was achieved in FY12/16
by deepening relationships with existing clients while forging relationships
with new clients amid growth in IT investment in Japan. 
(4) Publication business 
In the publication business, net sales increased 5.8% YoY to ¥277mn and segment profit rose by 2.5 times to ¥15mn. While the publishing industry is shrinking owing to the
emergence of e-books, there is still strong demand from companies for
publications used to strengthen brands or as part of their PR activities and
sales in this segment continued to trend upward. Profit also rose owing to
sales growth and a decline in the allowance for costs related to publication
inventory.
Continued strengthening of
financial position and rising profitability
3. Financial position and
management indicators 
Looking at the financial
position at the end of December 2016, total assets increased by ¥953mn compared to the end of the previous
fiscal year to ¥5,355mn. Current assets rose ¥954mn, mainly due to the increases in
notes and accounts receivable of ¥409mn,
cash and deposits of ¥489mn. 
Total liabilities increased ¥252mn compared to the end of the previous
fiscal year to ¥1,786mn. Interest-bearing debt
decreased ¥56mn while accounts
payable-other increased ¥139mn,
advances received rose ¥44mn
and income taxes payable rose ¥35mn.
Net assets grew ¥701mn to ¥3,568mn, primarily due to the recording
of profit attributable to owners of parent. 
All of the Company’s main management indicators are
improving amid earnings growth. Its shareholders’ equity ratio, an indicator of stability, rose to 63.5% in
FY12/16 from 62.2% in FY12/15 and its interest-bearing debt ratio declined to
8.7% from 12.9%. The Company has greatly strengthened its financial position
over the past few years as net cash (current deposits minus interest-bearing
debt) rose to ¥2,881mn, about 1.5 times higher than
three years ago (¥1,908mn). Looking at profitability
indicators, operating margin, ROA, and ROE are all rising. We believe the
Company has built a management base capable of generating sustainably high
profitability.


◆Future outlook 
The Company expects continued
growth in sales and profit in FY12/17, but the forecast looks conservative
1. FY12/17 consolidated
results outlook 
In FY12/17, the Company
forecasts that consolidated net sales will rise 6.2% YoY to ¥8,200mn, operating income will increase
4.5% to ¥1,060mn, ordinary income will
rise 4.5% to ¥1,060mn, and net profit
attributable to owners of parent will be up 1.9% to ¥670mn. While the pace of growth is
slowdown to the single-digit range, we believe the Company's forecast is
conservative in that it only includes factors that the Company can estimate at
present. 
However, e-Sales Manager orders look strong so far in FY12/17
and, in the field marketing business, we expect a positive impact from measures
taken in FY12/16 to expand business bases and strengthen the Company’s organizational structure. Therefore, unless the market
environment takes a turn for the worse, we believe the Company is very likely
to surpass its forecast again in FY12/17.


Targeting further growth from
e-Sales Manager through enhanced functionality and new product launches
2. Trends in main businesses 
(1) e-Sales Manager related
business 
The Company continues to enhance the functions of e-Sales
Manager as a sales support tool that is “No.1 for usability”. We expect to continue to grow
steadily in this fiscal year. In January 2017, the Company released e-Sales
Manager Remix Analytics, which provides optional functions that greatly enhance
BI capabilities. This function incorporates technology from Tableau Japan, a
leader in the BI tools market, and features quick data visibility and an
intuitive user interface (UI) wherein colorful graphs based on multifaceted
data analysis can be quickly and easily displayed. 
While most BI tools are capable of high-level data analysis,
they also require expert operators and come with high costs in terms of time
and money. In many cases, even if this tool was introduced, it cannot
accelerate management decision and strategic planning. e-Sales Manager Remix Analytics
meets the problems of customers because it resolves these issues, allowing
anyone to conduct data analysis in real time. So we expect that the
introduction needs is high. 
In February, the Company formed an alliance with SHANON Inc.,
provider of the SHANON MARKETING PLATFORM (SMP) and holder of the top market
share in Japan for MA tools for the past seven consecutive years. Integrating
sales departments’ sales support tools and marketing
departments’ MA tools allows clients to secure
prospective customers, identify correlations, alert the sales department of
high-departure-chance customers, and make effective use of sales results when
planning marketing activities. As a first step, a function was added whereby
data entered in an online form generated on the SMP can be quickly registered
as business card data in e-Sales Manager and SMP prospective customer data and
e-Sales Manager customer and business card data can be mutually interlinked.
This allows integrated management and shared use of data by sales and marketing
departments, thereby allowing companies to develop more strategic sales
activities. The Company plans to add more integrated functions such as an
action history sharing function that allows more precise scoring through the
sharing of action history data. Because of the close relationship between sales
and marketing activities, we expect such integrated functions to help the
Company make further progress in the area of customer development.
(2) Field Marketing business 
We expect that the field marketing business will grow steadily
over the medium term. As mentioned above, consumer-goods manufacturers are
continuing to shift to outsourcing for their field activity operations at
stores and we believe the Company’s ability to respond to a wide range of
customer needs by leveraging its “cast” (registered staff members) of around 63,000 people across the
country will continue to be a strength. With the Japanese labor force expected
to shrink year by year, housewives are expected to play a larger part in the
labor market. We will be paying attention to medium-term developments for the
Company’s effective utilization of housewives
as a labor force, which is part of its business model.


◆Shareholder returns
and relationship with Scala 
Resumed dividend
distributions in FY12/16 after an 11-year hiatus. The company indicates the
dividend policy, payout ratio of roughly 30%.
1. Shareholder return policy 
On March 14, 2017, the Company
announced (hitherto undecided) FY12/16 dividend distributions of ¥5 per share and FY12/17 dividend
distributions of ¥7 per share. The Company had
halted dividend distributions in order to strengthen its financial position,
which was weakened by the failure of Lehman Brothers, and prioritize investment
in development. Thereafter, the Company achieved record-high earnings in
FY12/16 and has accumulated sizable internal reserves. So the company
determined that its financial position was strong enough to resume dividend
distributions after a hiatus of 11 years. Also, in discussions with top
shareholder Scala regarding increasing of Softbrain’s corporate value, it was decided that
the dividend payout ratio should remain at approximately 30% from FY12/17
onward unless a particular need for capital arises. Based on this dividend
plan, FY12/17 dividend distributions have been set at ¥7 per share (dividend payout ratio of
30.6%). As a result, we expect dividends to increase if earnings growth
continues. 
2. Relationship with Scala 
On December 26, 2016, the Company announced that it had
terminated negotiations with top shareholder Scala regarding a business tie-up.
While cross selling and joint development partnerships were initially
suggested, it was determined that the two companies should pursue independent
growth strategies as their customer bases (Softbrain focuses on corporate sales
and marketing while Scala focuses on IT systems) and business fields are
different and few synergistic benefits are therefore possible. Thereafter, the
relationship between the two companies became strained as Scala submitted
shareholder proposals (nomination of directors and auditors and allocation of
surplus funds), but amid discussions regarding increasing of Softbrain’s corporate value, it was announced on March 14 that the
shareholder proposals had been withdrawn. We understand that, as a condition of
this withdrawal, if Softbrain implements capital policies that would reduce the
ratio of Scala’s ownership, it must offer Scala an
opportunity to participate in any such financing under the same conditions so
as to maintain its ownership ratio. In addition, it was agreed that the
dividend payout ratio should remain at approximately 30% unless a particular
need for capital arises. As long as these conditions are met, we understand
that Scala has agreed to submit no further shareholder proposals and Softbrain
will continue to work to increase corporate value over the medium-to-long term
under current management.


 
報告內容僅供參考，不得作為任何投資引用之唯一依據，且其投資風險及決定應由投資人自行判斷並自負損益。







TOP




                【免責聲明】 本研究報告專區中的資訊均來自於各金融機構授權刊登或是已公開的資訊，鉅亨網對資訊的準確性、完整性和及時性不作任何保證，也不保證上述資訊報告做出的建議在未來不發生修正。在任何情況下，鉅亨網不對本資訊的使用人基於本資訊報告觀點進行的投資所引致的任何損益承擔任何責任。本網研究報告版權均歸各家提供機構所有，不得任意引用、刊發，且不得對原文進行修改或刪除。以上資訊僅供參考。
            









標　　題日　　期～作　　者提供機構=====請選擇=====鉅亨網投顧永豐期貨ADS Securities國票期貨元大期貨群益投信英皇金融福匯FXCM保德信投信FISCOIronFX野村投信Morning Star台証證券協和證券東霖投顧金鼎證券康和證券掄元投顧統一投顧統一證券荷銀投信富達投顧富蘭克林投顧新寶證券建華證券(亞洲)鼎康投顧德欣投顧德盛安聯投顧寶成投顧上海元富投顧寶來曼氏亞洲證券投顧大聯投顧大華銀投顧武陵客寶瓶文化商智文化商訊文化藍鯨出版寰宇出版社台壽保投信天下文化北星圖書先鋒投顧聯邦證券鑫報證券投顧天富投顧富林投顧大昌證券中信期貨中信投信上海有色網中信證券日盛金控日盛期貨玉山銀行永豐投顧台新投信永豐投信兆豐國際投信宏利投信東岳證券東亞證券柏瑞投顧IF期貨柏瑞投信亞東證券國泰證券富盛證券投顧第一金投信雪鑫外匯統一期貨敦沛金融第一金投顧國票綜合證券富邦證券華南永昌證券新光金控鉅亨網匯豐中華投信匯豐中華投顧愛匯群益期貨群益金鼎證券復華證券福邦證券嘉盛集團臺灣銀行遠東商銀台証投顧倍利投顧瀚亞投信寶來證券亞東投顧霸菱資產管理寰益投顧新光投信寶來證券(香港)群益香港華頓投信遠東大聯投信貝萊德國泰投顧ITIS智網法國巴黎銀行理柏Lipper景順投信富達投信摩根資產管理安聯投信富蘭克林華美投信德銀遠東投信日盛投信Emerging Capital香港康宏理財集團凱基投信施羅德富邦投信瑞銀投信大慶證券投顧元大投信寶來投信國泰投信ING投顧聯博投顧統一投信康和投顧興業證券第一亞洲商人金銀業中信建投證券鋒裕投顧顧德投顧復華投信先進全球投顧天達投顧玉山投顧台新投顧美股烏托邦嘉鼎資本管理法銀巴黎投顧香港永豐金融集團未來資產證券信託Saxo盛寶金融凱恩金融iFOREX國際金融暨財管研究所華冠投顧安本投顧啟富達國際合庫巴黎投信百達投顧瑞訊銀行Swissquote富邦期貨天時金融最近訪問研報

        研報點閱排行

今日
一週
一個月








                                No.
                            

                                文章標題
                            

                                點閱數
                            





                                1.
                            

ActivTrades “風暴周” 市場或暫時平靜


                                2
                            



                                2.
                            

【週報】國際股債市回顧與建議


                                1
                            



                                3.
                            

晨星資金流向觀察 2017年04月


                                1
                            



                                4.
                            

鉅亨投資雷達》法德撐腰，是時候買進歐股了


                                1
                            



                                5.
                            

【景順投信】三大優勢 歐股急起直追


                                1
                            



                                6.
                            

【七月海外基金績效回顧與投資展望】葉倫鴿聲餘音繞樑，新興市場股債齊揚


                                1
                            



                                7.
                            

個股表現 策略聚焦主流、低基期股


                                1
                            



                                8.
                            

【週報】全球市場回顧與展望 2017/07/28


                                1
                            



                                9.
                            

宏觀經濟類：歐元歐債表現迥異 ECB究竟是鷹是鴿？


                                1
                            



                                10.
                            

【遠東銀】澳洲央行反澳幣走強，澳幣下挫！


                                1
                            













                                No.
                            

                                文章標題
                            

                                點閱數
                            





                                1.
                            

坐擁收租優勢，REITs成為投資新寵！


                                1209
                            



                                2.
                            

【景順投信】三大優勢 歐股急起直追


                                1180
                            



                                3.
                            

【週報】全球市場回顧與展望 2017/07/28


                                1073
                            



                                4.
                            

《Q3展望》登高之路不平 靜待柳暗花明


                                1002
                            



                                5.
                            

富達: 潛藏實力 王牌債現  新興市場3R匯聚契機  企業債如虎添翼


                                910
                            



                                6.
                            

【半年報】2017年基金市場報告


                                496
                            



                                7.
                            

ActivTrades 黃金強勢上行 非美再測前高


                                389
                            



                                8.
                            

【週報】國際股債市回顧與建議


                                270
                            



                                9.
                            

新興市場債投資價值浮現 宜把握進場機會


                                242
                            



                                10.
                            

新興股債市錢景亮，外資連三周全面買超亞股


                                234
                            













                                No.
                            

                                文章標題
                            

                                點閱數
                            





                                1.
                            

富達: 潛藏實力 王牌債現  新興市場3R匯聚契機  企業債如虎添翼


                                4064
                            



                                2.
                            

坐擁收租優勢，REITs成為投資新寵！


                                3734
                            



                                3.
                            

升息不是結束 是起漲的開始


                                3084
                            



                                4.
                            

《Q3展望》登高之路不平 靜待柳暗花明


                                2428
                            



                                5.
                            

眾家指數一次滿足，重磅級ETF讓投資理財更到位


                                2114
                            



                                6.
                            

【景順投信】三大優勢 歐股急起直追


                                2057
                            



                                7.
                            

穩健投資當道 高股息低波動策略抬頭


                                1455
                            



                                8.
                            

鉅亨投資雷達》油價連八漲，俄股起舞


                                1379
                            



                                9.
                            

美股基金再遭資金淨流出，歐洲與新興市場股票持續吸金


                                1336
                            



                                10.
                            

新興市場債投資價值浮現 宜把握進場機會


                                1142
                            












雜誌文章點閱排行

遠雄再涉弊案 NP全停  建案廣告量仍逆勢上衝 
            ｜惟馨周報
供給續增　買賣價格認知落差　短期難脫盤整格局 
            ｜惟馨周報
「有疑慮，就殺出」，他用50萬滾出千萬財富 
            ｜今周刊
裁判、教練都是自己人！揭三大家族掌控體壇黑幕 
            ｜今周刊
暴力是會習慣的！九把刀新片直搗「鍵盤殺人」 
            ｜今周刊













本系統由聲達資訊傳輸鉅亨網設計，資料來源以 臺灣證券交易所、證券櫃檯買賣中心、臺灣期貨交易所公告為準。
Market Data Provided By  ，以上資訊僅供參考，資料延遲至少15分鐘。使用者應依相關主管機關所公佈之資訊使用規定使用，並自負投資盈虧之責，免責聲明。法律顧問：惠國法律事務所　黃泰源律師。

© Copyright 2000- cnYES.com All rights reserved.			線上客服｜簡訊｜聯絡客服


關於我們｜
會員中心｜
大事紀｜
法律聲明｜
聯絡我們｜
合作｜
網站導覽｜
FAQ｜
產品與服務｜
廣告｜
徵才



集團資源：鉅亨台北｜Blog｜手機版｜鉅亨網FB
















SOFTBRAIN CO LTD on Other  in Japan























Home >
        Other
        >
         Japan
        >
        SOFTBRAIN CO LTD
    


            SOFTBRAIN CO LTD





Fax:81-3-62024761Tel:81-3-62141700Zip Code:103-0027Country/Region:JapanProvince/State:TokyoStreetAddress:Nihonbashi 2-1-3WebSite:http://www.softbrain.co.jp,http://www.softbrain.co.jp/english/Certification:Others Total Employees:51 - 100 People Year Joined:2010Registered Address:3F, 2-1-3, Nihonbashi,, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan Zip: 1030027 Main Markets:Southeast AsiaLegal Representative BusinessOwner:Mr. Masaki Akiyama Year Established:1992Product Service We Sell:e-Sales Manager,software,business,support 






This URL:http://www.iyajean.com/company/softbrain-co-ltd-97231.html
        


                About
                SOFTBRAIN CO LTD
            Listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange since June, 2005Our Business:Overall transformation and reform comes from focusing on, understanding, and making improvements in individual business processes.For example, just as being able to "see" your market makes it possible to develop the right products and choose appropriate sales and promotional methods, being able to "see" operational waste, enact reforms, and achieve a more optimal distribution of management resources.Visualizing process bottlenecks enables you to control outcomes at an early stage. This concept lies behind development of our highly versatile Business Process Manager software engine, which, when applied to a wide variety of operations, can contribute to improvements in efficiency throughout the business.What we provide is a system based on Business Process Manager and designed to fit your operations, along with support for process improvements using the system. By taking an organizational approach to process improvements, we enable you to increase the power of your entire organization. Improving individual processes at the departmental level, and then linking those improvements across the organization, is what raises overall value. This organizational approach that visualizes, improves, and then optimizes processes is what becomes the driving force behind the company s industrial power.
        


                        Related Products


                        Sinotruk Concrete Mixer 7-16M3 Superior Quality Best Price

Categories:Construction Machinery

                        1.China National Heavy Truck Group Wuyue Special.Vehicle.Co.,Ltd focus on development manufacture and market HOWO trucks.2.We markets HOWO trucks ...
                    



                        AUTO gas regulator / CNG gas reducer

Categories:Other Auto Parts

                        Sichuan Senjie fuel gas equipment co.,Ltd is founded in 2011 through recombination, Located in "Heavenly Land of Plenty” Chengdu. It is...
                    



                        steel coils

Categories:Construction Machinery

                        We are the big customer of China largest steel plate manufactories, namely, Shanghai Baosteel Co., Ltd., Tianjin Iron & Steel Co., Ltd., Taiga...
                    



                        Toyota 22R auto engine fuel systems parts Carburetor 21100-35520

Categories:Other Auto Parts

                        COMPANY BREIF INTRODUCTION We are CHONGQING BOCHI MACHINERY specialized in auto parts over 10 years .We supply all kinds of auto parts with rich e...
                    



                        Bosch spacer of fuel injector

Categories:Other Auto Parts

                        The material of the spacer is from Baosteel Group Corporation Limited(the 5th steel factory of Shanghai), materials is excellent. the double trans...
                    



                        SSAW PIPE

Categories:Steel Pipes

                        The Brief IntroductionCangzhou Spiral Steel Pipe Co., Ltd located at No.92 JieFang East Road, Xinhua District, Cangzhou City, Hebei Proivence, is ...
                    



                        Aluminum Cylinder Head

Categories:Auto Crank Mechanism

                        Cylinder HeadProduct Name: Aluminum Engine Bracket, Aluminum Casting, Motor CastingApplication:Many kinds of carsProduct Description:Detailed Prod...
                    



                        container ring set

Categories:Gaskets

                        Shanghai Jia Island Container Accessories Co., Ltd. ( Nurvey Container Survey Hongkong Co.,Ltd.)is located in Baoshan District of Shanghai City, T...
                    



                        Cummins Cylinder Head (M11 QSM ISM 2864028)

Categories:Auto Crank Mechanism

                        1.cummins cylinder head M11 ISM QSM 2864028 4083406 4952453 49528292.genuine cummins part selling all M series engine parts3.made in china or impo...
                    



                        Cummins Cylinder Head (ISLe 4942138)

Categories:Auto Crank Mechanism

                        1.cummins cylinder head (ISLe 4942138 4987984)2.cummins genuine3.made in china or import Shiyan Lianzhong Trade Co., Ltd. was founded in 1998, loc...
                    






                        Business Type


                    Manufacturers(235877)

                    Trading Company (20386)

                    Distributor/Wholesaler(5016)

                    Other(3089)

                    Agent (2023)

                    Buying office(712)

                    Business Service(339)

                    Importer/Exporter(306)

                    Association (44)

                    Dealer(31)

                    Government ministry/Bureau/Commission(23)

                    Retail chain(2)
 


                        Country

 
                    China (Mainland)(135693)
 
                    India(26854)
 
                    United States(10056)
 
                    Turkey(8060)
 
                    Taiwan(7799)
 
                    Hong Kong(7797)
 
                    Pakistan(7262)
 
                    South Korea(4928)
 
                    Malaysia(4348)
 
                    Indonesia(4203)
 
                    United Kingdom(3420)
 
                    Thailand(3297)
 
                    Vietnam(2797)
 
                    Canada(2189)
 
                    Singapore(2076)
 
                    Italy(1784)
 
                    United Arab Emirates(1718)
 
                    Iran (Islamic Republic of)(1644)
 
                    Egypt(1632)
 
                    Australia(1583)
 
                    Philippines(1512)
 
                    Bangladesh(1420)
 
                    Japan(1364)
 
                    Germany(1180)
 
                    Spain(1137)
 
                    South Africa(1111)
 
                    Brazil(1036)
 
                    Poland(974)
 
                    Russian Federation(835)
 
                    Cameroon(817)
 


                        Related Suppliers


                    hk global trade co,ltd(shandong lunan machine tool co.,ltd)

                    Computer Marketing Co., Ltd.

                    Indtek Co., Ltd

                    Yaw Horng Co., Ltd

                    Sunlord Apparels Mfg. Co. Ltd.

                    Co-Reaching International Co., Ltd.

                    Saad Sweets Co Ltd

                    MOIN JUNAID BEAUTY CARA CO. PVT LTD

                    Win Soon Lee Co., Ltd.

                    The Crystal Light Co.,Ltd

                    CELLETMOBILE Co , Ltd.

                    Long Yue Cast-Press Co., Ltd.

                    Precision Louvre Co Ltd

                    Mouldmate co.,ltd.

                    Folies Co.,Ltd.

                    Runtong Industrial Group Co., Ltd

                    Max Fortune Co., Ltd

                    Ye Xiang Steel Co.,Ltd

                    karadayi; textile ltd. co.
 


        Copyright © 2012 iYaJean.com All rights reserved.  






SOFTBRAIN CO LTD



















Home
Categories
Regions
Products
Trade Leads
Company Reviews
My Account



Welcome, GuestSign InSign Up

PositionHome - Business Services / Agency Services - Japan - Profile




SOFTBRAIN CO LTD





Business TypeOther
Main MarketsSoutheast Asia
Product/Servicee-Sales Manager,software,business,support
Business OwnerMr. Masaki Akiyama
Employees51 - 100 People
RegionJapan
CategoryBusiness Services - Agency Services
Link ToolJapan Business Services - Japan Agency Services
Company TagsBusiness Process Manager - Industrial Power - Manager Software Engine - Products - Sales Manager Software



Company Introduction
Listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange since June, 2005Our Business:Overall transformation and reform comes from focusing on, understanding, and making improvements in individual business processes.For example, just as being able to "see" your market makes it possible to develop the right products and choose appropriate sales and promotional methods, being able to "see" operational waste, enact reforms, and achieve a more optimal distribution of management resources.Visualizing process bottlenecks enables you to control outcomes at an early stage. This concept lies behind development of our highly versatile Business Process Manager software engine, which, when applied to a wide variety of operations, can contribute to improvements in efficiency throughout the business.What we provide is a system based on Business Process Manager and designed to fit your operations, along with support for process improvements using the system. By taking an organizational approach to process improvements, we enable you to increase the power of your entire organization. Improving individual processes at the departmental level, and then linking those improvements across the organization, is what raises overall value. This organizational approach that visualizes, improves, and then optimizes processes is what becomes the driving force behind the company's industrial power.


Contact Information
Contact PersonMr. Kenta Oda
Telephone81-3-62141700
Fax Number81-3-62024761
Websitehttp://www.softbrain.co.jp
Post Code103-0027
AddressNihonbashi 2-1-3, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Online MapSOFTBRAIN CO LTD Map & Directions





Company ReviewsSOFTBRAIN CO LTD
No advertising and no spamming please

Your Name
Your RatingRating 1 (Bad)Rating 2 (Below Average)Rating 3 (Average)Rating 4 (Good)Rating 5 (Excellent!)
Comment


SOFTBRAIN CO LTD no reviews currently
No reviews currently, you may post the first one.




Recent Updates

INFINITY ADDITIVES & FOODS
Esmeralda Textil LTD
Hebei Ledphor Optoelectronics Technology Co.,Ltd.
Wuxi Geological Drilling Equipment Co.,Ltd
PT. TATA KAYU INDONESIA
Shandong AEM Auto Engineering Co.,Ltd
Shandong Goodfarmer International Trading Co.,ltd.
YIAN FIRE TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD
Molveno Oem Service
International for Building Material (IBM)
Shri Aanand Metal (SAM)
A&S Power Supply Co., Ltd.



Related Company

TOPTION CO LTD
DIGITALMAX CO LTD
ORIMO INC
WAGO COMMERCIAL CO LTD
DIME HEALTH CARE INC
TOYOWORK CO LTD
LIFE SUPPORT CO LTD
ECO RING CO LTD
TRADE WORKS CO LTD
SOFTBRAIN CO LTD
katsuno shouji co., ltd
CREDO CORP
TELECOMMUNICATIONS CO LTD






Business Process Manager - Industrial Power - Manager Software Engine


About Us - Contact Us - Privacy Policy - Daily Updates - Report Abuse


Copyright 2008-2017 © All Rights Reserved
Global Trades From Here





Softbrain Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Software

Software & Technology Services Company Reports





Softbrain Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
S5AC1BFFC6DB1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





Softbrain Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of Softbrain Co. Ltd. with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of Softbrain Co. Ltd. key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key Softbrain Co. Ltd. competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 SOFTBRAIN CO. LTD. - OVERVIEW

1.1 Softbrain Co. Ltd. - Business Description
1.2 Softbrain Co. Ltd. - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 Softbrain Co. Ltd. - Milestones and History

2 SOFTBRAIN CO. LTD. - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 SOFTBRAIN CO. LTD. - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 SOFTBRAIN CO. LTD. - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 SOFTBRAIN CO. LTD. - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 Softbrain Co. Ltd. - Strengths
5.2 Softbrain Co. Ltd. - Weaknesses
5.3 Softbrain Co. Ltd. - Opportunities
5.4 Softbrain Co. Ltd. - Threats

6 SOFTBRAIN CO. LTD. – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 Softbrain Co. Ltd. - Financial Snapshot
6.2 Softbrain Co. Ltd. – Stock Market Snapshot

7 SOFTBRAIN CO. LTD. - KEY COMPETITORS

8 SOFTBRAIN CO. LTD. - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Key Facts 
Table 2: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Offices and Representations 
Table 3: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Milestones and History 
Table 4: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Key Executives 
Table 5: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Major Shareholders 
Table 7: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Products and Services
Table 8: Softbrain Co. Ltd. SWOT Analysis
Table 9: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Profitability 
Table 10: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Management Effectiveness
Table 11: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: Softbrain Co. Ltd. Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: Softbrain Co. Ltd. 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: Softbrain Co. Ltd. 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


La Fonte Telecom SA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Central Alberta Well Services Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Merck Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


NTELOS Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


AIK Fotboll AB - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
Softbrain Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:






















IT & Technology Market Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology








IT & Technology Market Research Reports


Information technology (abbreviated as IT) refers to anything related to telecommunications, software, hardware, the Internet, or human resources engaged in these technologies. IT is part and parcel of the technology sector. The global technology exports are estimated at over USD 1.5 trillion per annum.
AT&T Inc., Telefonica S.A., International Business Machines Corporation, Verizon Communications Inc., France Telecom S.A., Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., Hewlett-Packard Company, Nokia Corporation are amidst the most influential vendors within the IT and technology market. In the future, the market is set to demonstrate considerable growth due to the soaring demand for IT products and services.
The research reports available in the Catalogue provide a detailed picture of the IT and technology market, including analyses of the competitive environment and performance of the key companies. The research studies examine main trends, mechanisms and challenges of the market. Besides, the reports assess the current situation on the market and provide data on future industry prospects.





All Regions

--
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Global
                                                                                --Africa
                                                                                --East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                --Europe
                                                                                --Middle East
                                                                                --North America
                                                                                --South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Algeria
                                                                                                                                                        --Angola
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Benin
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Botswana
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Burkina Faso
                                                                                --Burundi
                                                                                                                    --Cameroon
                                                                                --Cape Verde
                                                                                                                    --Central African Republic
                                                                                --Chad
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Comoros
                                                                                --Congo
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Djibouti
                                                                                                                                                        --East Timor
                                                                                                                    --Egypt
                                                                                                                    --Equatorial Guinea
                                                                                --Eritrea
                                                                                                                    --Ethiopia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Gabon
                                                                                --Gambia
                                                                                                                    --Ghana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Guinea
                                                                                --Guinea-Bissau
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Kenya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Lesotho
                                                                                --Liberia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Madagascar
                                                                                --Malawi
                                                                                                                                                        --Mali
                                                                                                                                                        --Mauritania
                                                                                --Mauritius
                                                                                --Mayotte
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Morocco
                                                                                --Mozambique
                                                                                                                    --Namibia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Niger
                                                                                --Nigeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Reunion
                                                                                                                    --Rwanda
                                                                                                                    --Sao Tome and Principe
                                                                                                                    --Senegal
                                                                                --Seychelles
                                                                                --Sierra Leone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Somalia
                                                                                --South Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Swaziland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Tanzania
                                                                                                                    --Togo
                                                                                                                                                        --Tunisia
                                                                                                                                                        --Uganda
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Zambia
                                                                                --Zimbabwe
                                                                                --Libya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cote d'Ivoire
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Sudan
                                                                                                                    --Timor-Leste
                                                                                                                                                        East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Samoa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Bangladesh
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Bhutan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Brunei Darussalam
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Cambodia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Fiji
                                                                                                                                                        --French Polynesia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Guam
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                                                        --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Japan
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Kiribati
                                                                                --North Korea
                                                                                --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                        --Lao PDR
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Macau
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Malaysia
                                                                                --Maldives
                                                                                                                                                        --Marshall Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Micronesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Mongolia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Nauru
                                                                                --Nepal
                                                                                                                    --New Caledonia
                                                                                --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Niue
                                                                                --Norfolk Island
                                                                                                                                                        --Pakistan
                                                                                --Palau
                                                                                                                    --Papua New Guinea
                                                                                                                                                        --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                        --Solomon Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Sri Lanka
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Taiwan
                                                                                                                                                        --Thailand
                                                                                                                    --Tonga
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Vanuatu
                                                                                                                    --Vietnam
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --St. Kitts and Nevis
                                                                                --St. Lucia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                        --Germany
                                                                                --Russia
                                                                                                                    --Belarus
                                                                                --Ukraine
                                                                                --Albania
                                                                                                                                                        --Andorra
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Austria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Belgium
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bulgaria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Croatia
                                                                                                                    --Czech Republic
                                                                                --Denmark
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Estonia
                                                                                                                                                        --Faroe Islands
                                                                                                                    --Finland
                                                                                --France
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Gibraltar
                                                                                --Greece
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hungary
                                                                                --Iceland
                                                                                                                                                        --Ireland
                                                                                --Italy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Latvia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Liechtenstein
                                                                                --Lithuania
                                                                                --Luxembourg
                                                                                                                    --Macedonia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Malta
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Moldova
                                                                                --Monaco
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Netherlands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Norway
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Poland
                                                                                --Portugal
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Romania
                                                                                                                    --San Marino
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Slovakia
                                                                                --Slovenia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Spain
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Sweden
                                                                                --Switzerland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Montenegro
                                                                                --Serbia
                                                                                                                                                        --St. Vincent and the Grenadines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Middle East
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Israel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Armenia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Azerbaijan
                                                                                                                    --Bahrain
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Cyprus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Georgia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Jordan
                                                                                --Kazakhstan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Kuwait
                                                                                --Kyrgyzstan
                                                                                                                                                        --Lebanon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Myanmar
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Oman
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Qatar
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Saudi Arabia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Tajikistan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Turkey
                                                                                --Turkmenistan
                                                                                                                    --United Arab Emirates
                                                                                                                    --Uzbekistan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Yemen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Afghanistan
                                                                                                                    --Iran
                                                                                --Iraq
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Syria
                                                                                                                    --West Bank and Gaza
                                                                                                                    North America
                                                                                                                --United States
                                                                                --Canada
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Anguilla
                                                                                --Antigua And Barbuda
                                                                                                                                                        --Aruba
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bahamas
                                                                                                                                                        --Barbados
                                                                                                                    --Belize
                                                                                                                    --Bermuda
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Cayman Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Costa Rica
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Dominica
                                                                                --Dominican Republic
                                                                                                                                                                                            --El Salvador
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Greenland
                                                                                --Grenada
                                                                                                                    --Guatemala
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Haiti
                                                                                --Honduras
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Jamaica
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Mexico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Montserrat
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Nicaragua
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Panama
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Puerto Rico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Trinidad and Tobago
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Virgin Islands (British)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cuba
                                                                                South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Argentina
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Bolivia
                                                                                                                                                        --Brazil
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Chile
                                                                                                                    --Colombia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Ecuador
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Falkland Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Guyana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Paraguay
                                                                                --Peru
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Suriname
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Uruguay
                                                                                                                                                        --Venezuela
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

IT & Technology
--Consumer Electronics  --Hardware  --IT Services  --Semiconductors  --Software  --Telecommunications  

All Publishers 6Wresearch
                        9Dimen Research
                        ABOUT Publishing Group
                        AccuStream iMedia Research
                        AFS Research
                        Allied Market Research
                        Ameria cjsc
                        AMID
                        ARC Financial Services Pvt Ltd
                        Arcluster
                        Aruvian's R'search
                        Asia Pacific InfoServ Pty
                        Asianius Research
                        ASKCI Consulting Co., Ltd
                        ATLANTIC-ACM
                        Axis Research Mind
                        Azoth Analytics
                        BAC Country Trade Reports
                        BAC EU Market Reports
                        BAC Industry Business Reports
                        BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC International Trade Report
                        BAC Market Reports
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Barnes Reports
                        BCC Research
                        Beige Market Intelligence
                        Beijing Zeefer Consulting
                        Bishop & Associates
                        BisReport Information Consulting CO., Ltd
                        Bonafide Research & Marketing Pvt. Ltd.
                        BPA Consulting
                        BRICdata
                        BuddeComm
                        Buhaisi Consulting International
                        Centre for Investment and Industry Analysis and Forecas
                        CHILDWISE
                        China Research and Intelligence
                        Chisult Insight Co., Limited
                        Chlue Research
                        Compass Intelligence
                        Daedal Research
                        DataGroup Booksellers
                        DataMarketResearch (DMR)
                        datamining
                        Detailed-Analysis Research (DAR)
                        Emerging Markets Analysts 
                        Emerging Markets Direct
                        EU Research 
                        Euromonitor International
                        Evans Data Corporation
                        Feedback Consulting
                        FineIntel
                        FirstWord
                        Four-S Services Private Limited
                        Future Markets
                        GBI Research
                        GCC
                        GCiS China Strategic Research
                        Global Industry Analysts
                        Global Research & Data Services
                        Global Sources
                        GlobalData
                        GlobalInfoResearch
                        GMR Data Ltd.
                        Goode Intelligence
                        Goulden Reports 
                        Grace Market Data (GMD)
                        Grand View Research, Inc.
                        Guangzhou CCM Information Science & Technology
                        Gyan Research and Analytics Pvt. Ltd.
                        HeyReport
                        HJResearch
                        HnyB Insights
                        Homeland Security Research Corporation
                        Huidian Research
                        IBI Research & Consulting Group Ltd
                        ICON Group International
                        iData Insights
                        iData Research
                        IDATE Consulting & Research
                        IDTechEx
                        IE Market Research Corporation
                        iGATE Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        IHL Consulting Group
                        IMARC Group
                        Indagatio Research
                        Industry Experts
                        IndustryARC
                        Infiniti Research
                        Infoholic Research
                        Information agency CredInform North-West
                        Information Trends
                        Innovative Research & Products
                        Intellectual Property Exchange
                        INTELLIROI
                        Investment & Research (I&R)
                        IRN Research
                        IS Advisors
                        JP Research
                        JuxtConsult Research & Consulting
                        Kairos Future AB
                        KBV Research
                        Ken Research 
                        Knowledge Sourcing Intelligence LLP
                        Koncept Analytics
                        Kuick Research
                        La Merie Publishing
                        Linarch Information Solutions
                        LP Information
                        Lucintel
                        Maia Research
                        Market and Business Development
                        Market Intelligence & Consulting Institute (MIC)
                        Market Research Engine 
                        Market Research Future 
                        MarketLine
                        MarketMonitor Consultancy
                        MarketsandMarkets
                        MarketSizeInfo.com
                        Maverick China Research
                        Meticulous Market Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        MicroMarketMonitor
                        Mind Commerce Publishing
                        NanoMarkets
                        Neodata Ltd
                        Netscribes
                        Nevafilm Research
                        NIIR Project Consultancy Services
                        NNMT Advisor
                        Occams Business Research & Consulting
                        OG Analysis
                        Omi Advisories
                        Orion Market Research Private Limited
                        Ovum
                        Parks Associates
                        Perform Ventures
                        Plimsoll Publishing
                        Plunkett Research, Ltd. 
                        Prof Research 
                        Progressive Markets (owned by Antviews Global)
                        QYResearch
                        Red Mobile Consulting
                        Red Mountain Insights
                        Renub Research
                        Reports From China
                        Research Facts
                        Research Nester Pvt. Ltd.
                        ResearchFox Consulting 
                        ResearchInChina
                        RNCOS E-Services
                        Rockville Research
                        S&P Consulting
                        Sadia Saeed
                        SBI
                        SCRI International
                        Signals and Systems Telecom
                        Simba Information
                        SkyQuest Technology Group
                        Smart Research Insights
                        SMI
                        SNE Research
                        Socintel360
                        Stanley Consulting Corporation
                        Stellar Analytics
                        Stratistics Market Research Consulting
                        Stratview Research
                        SunFaith China
                        Tariff Consultancy
                        TechPerspect Software Pvt. Ltd.
                        TechSci Research
                        Teleresearchlabs
                        The Black Book of Outsourcing
                        The Business Research Company
                        The Insight Partners
                        Tuoda Research
                        US Market Insights (UMI)
                        Vandagraf International Limited
                        Variant Market Research
                        Venture Planning Group
                        Ventures Middle East
                        Veraart  Research Group
                        Verify Markets
                        Vietnam Industry Research And Consultant (VIRAC)
                        Visiongain
                        Williams & Marshall Strategy
                        WinterGreen Research
                        WiseStrokes
                        World Market Intelligence
                        Zion Market Research
                    



                            Found
                                 94242 publications                    



Global and United States Vibration Platform In-Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ...  all details inside analysis and opinions in Vibration Platform industry. Major Companies Pinty(United States) Merax(United States) Rockagotor(Japan) AeroFix Cycles(Japan) YIRENQU ...  Jul, 2017 124 pages


Global and United States Treadmill In-Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ...  opinions in Treadmill industry. Major Companies Reebok(United States) SOLE(United States) BH(Spain) Teeburon(Japan) YIJIAN(China) ICON(China) TRUE(United States) Under Armour(United States) Vision(United States) WALKINGBELTS ...  Aug, 2017 124 pages


Global and United States Portable Speakers In-Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ... in Portable Speakers industry. Major Companies JBL(United States) Harman/Kardon(United States) HiVi(United States) BOSE(United States) Beats(United States) CircleMalls(United States) CorpCase(United States) Dell(United States) IDEA LINE(United States) IZENGATE(United States) Audiopipe (United States) BENTOBEN ...  Jul, 2017 158 pages


Global and United States E-beam Accelerators In-Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ... . As an in-depth report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinions in E-beam Accelerators industry. Major Companies IBA (Belgium) Wasik Associates (US) Jiangsu ... ) Iotron (Canada) Vivirad Group (France) Key Regions North America United States California Texas New York Others Canada Latin America Mexico ...  Aug, 2017 104 pages


Global and Europe Vibration Platform Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022
US$ 2,960.00
This report presents a comprehensive overview of the Vibration Platform market in Europe, which shares the history data information from 2012  ... covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Vibration Platform industry. This report focuses Global and Europe market, including details as following: Key Players ...  Jul, 2017 122 pages


Global and Europe Security Equipment Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022
US$ 2,960.00
This report presents a comprehensive overview of the Security Equipment market in Europe, which shares the history data information from 2012  ... covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Security Equipment industry. This report focuses Global and Europe market, including details as following: Key Players ...  Jul, 2017 118 pages


Global and Europe Hearing Aid Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022
US$ 2,960.00
This report presents a comprehensive overview of the Hearing Aid market in Europe, which shares the history data information from 2012 to 2016 ...  it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Hearing Aid industry. This report focuses on Global and Europe market, including details as following: Key Players ...  Jul, 2017 120 pages


Global Portable Speakers Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... their price change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Portable Speakers industry. This report splits Portable Speakers market By Connection ...  2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies JBL(United States ...  Aug, 2017 113 pages


Global Personal Computer Monitor Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Personal Computer Monitor industry. This report splits Personal Computer Monitor market ... 2017 to 2022. This report focuses on Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies Alienware(United States ...  Aug, 2017 128 pages


Global Money Counter Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... their price change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Money Counter industry. This report splits Money Counter market By Security  ... from 2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies Royal Sovereign(United ...  Aug, 2017 112 pages


Global Microphone Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ...  their price change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Microphone industry. This report splits Microphone market By Polar Pattern ...  from 2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies Audix(United States) ...  Aug, 2017 117 pages


Global IC Card Management System Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... , it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in IC Card Management System industry. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type ... China Japan India Southeast Asia Others Main Product Type IC Card Management System Market, by Type Smart Door Lock Fingerprint Readers Fuel ...  Aug, 2017 118 pages


Global E-beam Accelerators Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in E-beam Accelerators industry. This report splits E-beam Accelerators market ... Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies IBA (Belgium) Wasik Associates (US) Jiangsu Dasheng Electron Accelerator ...  Aug, 2017 109 pages


Global Digital Voice Recorder Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ...  details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Digital Voice Recorder industry. This report splits Digital Voice Recorder market By Recorder Interface ...  2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies Radwag(United  ...  Aug, 2017 106 pages


Global Digital Photo Frame Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... price change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Digital Photo Frame industry. This report splits Digital Photo Frame market  ... forecast from 2017 to 2022. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Major Companies HP(United States)  ...  Aug, 2017 116 pages


Global Veido Projector Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Veido Projector market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD ...  of products Veido Projector Market, by Usage Gaming Home Theater Business Education Portable Veido Projector Market, by Connectivity Type HDMI USB Wireless MHL Others Veido Projector Market, by Image ...  Jul, 2017 126 pages


Global Selfie Stick Market Research Report 2017-2022 By Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Selfie Stick market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Selfie Stick market. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type and other ...  Jul, 2017 137 pages


Global Screen Protector Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Screen Protector market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Screen Protector market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players IQShield(UnitedStates) KlearCut ...  Jul, 2017 129 pages


Global Router Market Research Report 2017-2022 By Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Router market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Router market. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type and other ...  Jul, 2017 131 pages


Global Portable Speakers Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Portable Speakers market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Portable Speakers market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players JBL(United States ...  Jul, 2017 130 pages


Global Portable Memory Storage Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Portable Memory Storage market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Portable Memory Storage market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players WD(United States)  ...  Jul, 2017 127 pages


Global Pipeline Monitoring Systems Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Pipeline Monitoring Systems market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD ... strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Pipeline Monitoring Systems market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Siemens AG ( ...  Jul, 2017 105 pages


Global Microphone Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Microphone market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Microphone market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Audix(United States ...  Jul, 2017 128 pages


Global Memory Card Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Memory Card market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Memory Card market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players SEAGATE(United States ...  Jul, 2017 126 pages


Global Hi-Fi Music Player Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Hi-Fi Music Player market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  by them is also covered in this report on Hi-Fi Music Player market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Sonos(United States) Apple(United States ...  Jul, 2017 115 pages


Global Game Controller Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Game Controller market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Game Controller market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Microsoft(United States ...  Jul, 2017 132 pages


Global Electronic Dictionary Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Electronic Dictionary market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ... strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Electronic Dictionary market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players Casematic(United States ...  Jul, 2017 146 pages


Global E-beam Accelerators Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global E-beam Accelerators market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to  ...  types of products E-beam Accelerators Market, by Movement Mode Linear Accelerator Circular Movement Accelerator E-beam Accelerators Market, by Power 20KW 50KW 100KW Other E-beam Accelerators Market, by Key Consumer ...  Aug, 2017 102 pages


Global Digital Photo Frame Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Digital Photo Frame market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Digital Photo Frame market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players HP(United States) Minidiva ...  Jul, 2017 158 pages


Global Data Cable Market Research Report 2017-2022 By Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Data Cable market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Data Cable market. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type and other ...  Jul, 2017 152 pages


Global Action Camera Market Research Report 2017-2022 by Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global Action Camera market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on Action Camera market. This report focus Global market, it covers details as following: Key Players GoPro(United States ...  Jul, 2017 158 pages


Microdisplay Market (By Type: Near-To-Eye and Projection; By Technology: Liquid Crystal Display (LCD), Organic Light-Emitting Diode (OLED), Digital Light Processing (DLP), and Liquid...
US$ 3,195.00
 ...  & services, new developments and business strategies Scope of Microdisplay Market Product Type Segments Near-To-Eye Projection Technology Type Segments Digital Light Processing (DLP) Liquid Crystal ...  Jul, 2017 115 pages


Magneto Resistive RAM (MRAM) Market (By Product: Toggle Magneto Resistive RAM and Second-Generation Magneto Resistive RAM; By Application: Automotive, Enterprise Storage, Consumer...
US$ 3,195.00
 ... , new developments, and business strategies Scope of Magneto Resistive RAM (MRAM) Market Product Segments Toggle Magneto Resistive RAM Second-Generation Magneto Resistive RAM (STT MRAM) Application Segments Automotive Enterprise Storage Consumer ...  Jul, 2017 110 pages


Flexible Printed Circuit Board Market (By Type: Single Sided Flex Circuits, Double Sided Flex Circuits, Multi-Layer Flex Circuits, Rigid Flex Circuits; By Application: Instrumentations &...
US$ 3,195.00
Global Flexible Printed Circuit Board Market is estimated to reach $33 billion by 2024; growing at a CAGR of 10.6% from 2016 to 2024. Flexible printed circuit board (FPCB) is a technology of assembling printed electric circuits on a flexible substrate. FPCB are designed as a replacement ...  Jul, 2017 140 pages


3D Semiconductor Packaging Market (By Technology Type: 3D Package-On-Package, 3D Wire-Bonded, 3D Fan-Out Based, 3D Through-Silicon-Via; By Materials Type: Bonding Wire, Organic Substrate,...
US$ 3,195.00
 ...  global 3D Semiconductor Packaging Market An exhaustive regional analysis of 3D Semiconductor Packaging Market from 2015 to 2024 will be included in the report Profile of the key players in the 3D Semiconductor Packaging Market, will be provided ...  Jul, 2017 120 pages


Global Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017
US$ 2,800.00
 ... Global Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Bluetooth Smart and Smart ...  Ready Market. The report analysis the global market of Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready by main  ...  Jul, 2017 95 pages


Global Near Field Communication (NFC) Market By Product Type (Non-Auxiliary Vs. Auxiliary), By Device Operating Mode, By Device Type, By Application, By End Use Industry, By Region,...
US$ 4,000.00
 ...  2022”, some of the major players operating in global near field communication (NFC) market are NXP Semiconductors Netherlands N.V., STMicroelectronics N.V.,  ... Inc., Toshiba Corporation, MediaTek Inc., Visa Inc., etc. “Global Near Field Communication (NFC) Market By Product Type, By Device Operating Mode, By ...  Aug, 2017 265 pages


Telecom Industry Business Outlook and Procurement Report H1 2017
US$ 1,950.00
 ... ’ opinion on the business outlook and procurement activities over July 2017-December 2017. Organizations can know about key business priorities, supplier price variations, changes in capital expenditure, and organizations ...  Jul, 2017 52 pages


IoT in Europe: Market opportunities and main applications
US$ 1,195.00
 ...  the size of IoT in Europe by connectivity, vertical and applications Case studies: We continue with a review of the IoT applications that leading telecom companies - Vodafone Germany, Orange France, Telefónica Spain and O2 UK - have ...  Jul, 2017 33 pages


Vodafone: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Vodafone performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Verizon Communications: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Verizon Communications performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information,  ...  suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


VEON: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on VEON performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis  ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants ...  Aug, 2017


United States Cellular: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on United States Cellular performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


T-Mobile US: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on T-Mobile US performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Tim Participacoes: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Tim Participacoes performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information,  ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


TELUS: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on TELUS performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants ...  Aug, 2017


Telenor ASA: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Telenor ASA performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Telefonica SA: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Telefonica SA performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Telefonica Brasil SA: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Telefonica Brasil SA performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017


Telecom Italia SpA: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Telecom Services Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new LeadingMarketResearch.com report on Telecom Italia SpA performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, ... current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market  ...  Aug, 2017




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























Software Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Software








Software Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


The software industry encompasses a raft of companies involved in the elaboration, maintenance, distribution and marketing of software. Software can be classified as follows: infrastructure, security, service automation, enterprise, content management, cloud computing software, etc. 
Globalization, increasing interest in information technologies, product innovations and technological advancements are the key factors driving the market growth. At the same time, software piracy, economic instability and currency fluctuations are the main market restraints. The US is the king of the software world in terms of production and development. IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, Google, Kaspersky, SAP AG, Apple, Symantec, Adobe and EMC are amid the most prominent players of the software global arena.
This MarketPublishers’ catalogue presents a slew of the research reports disclosing the current situation and historic evolution of the software market at all geographical levels. The research studies offer relevant data on the market size and structure; characterize major market trends and profile dominant market participants. The reports contain detailed analyses of different market segments and review the most recent business activities (mergers, acquisitions and collaborations). Besides, the research reports discuss future prospects for the market.





All Regions

--
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Global
                                                                                --Africa
                                                                                --East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                --Europe
                                                                                --Middle East
                                                                                --North America
                                                                                --South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Algeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Egypt
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Ghana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Kenya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Morocco
                                                                                                                                                        --Nigeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --South Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                                                        --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Japan
                                                                                                                    --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Malaysia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                        --Pakistan
                                                                                                                    --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Taiwan
                                                                                --Thailand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                        --Germany
                                                                                --Russia
                                                                                                                    --Ukraine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Austria
                                                                                                                                                        --Belgium
                                                                                                                    --Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                                                                                    --Bulgaria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Croatia
                                                                                                                    --Czech Republic
                                                                                --Denmark
                                                                                                                    --Estonia
                                                                                --Finland
                                                                                --France
                                                                                                                    --Greece
                                                                                                                    --Hungary
                                                                                --Iceland
                                                                                                                                                        --Ireland
                                                                                --Italy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Latvia
                                                                                --Lithuania
                                                                                --Luxembourg
                                                                                                                    --Malta
                                                                                                                                                        --Netherlands
                                                                                                                                                        --Norway
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Poland
                                                                                --Portugal
                                                                                --Romania
                                                                                                                                                        --Slovakia
                                                                                --Slovenia
                                                                                                                    --Spain
                                                                                --Sweden
                                                                                --Switzerland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Montenegro
                                                                                --Serbia
                                                                                Middle East
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Israel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Cyprus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Kuwait
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Saudi Arabia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Turkey
                                                                                --United Arab Emirates
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            North America
                                                                                                                --United States
                                                                                --Canada
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Anguilla
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bahamas
                                                                                --Barbados
                                                                                                                    --Bermuda
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Cayman Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Mexico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Argentina
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Brazil
                                                                                                                                                        --Chile
                                                                                                                    --Colombia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Peru
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Venezuela
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Software
--Application Software  --Operating System  --Programming Software  --Software Development  --Software & Technology Services Company Reports  --Video Games  

All Publishers 6Wresearch
                        9Dimen Research
                        AccuStream iMedia Research
                        Allied Market Research
                        AMID
                        Aruvian's R'search
                        ASKCI Consulting Co., Ltd
                        BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Barnes Reports
                        BCC Research
                        Beijing Zeefer Consulting
                        BisReport Information Consulting CO., Ltd
                        CHILDWISE
                        China Research and Intelligence
                        Chlue Research
                        Compass Intelligence
                        Daedal Research
                        DataGroup Booksellers
                        DataMarketResearch (DMR)
                        datamining
                        Detailed-Analysis Research (DAR)
                        Emerging Markets Direct
                        EU Research 
                        Euromonitor International
                        Evans Data Corporation
                        Feedback Consulting
                        Four-S Services Private Limited
                        GBI Research
                        Global Industry Analysts
                        GlobalData
                        GlobalInfoResearch
                        Grand View Research, Inc.
                        Gyan Research and Analytics Pvt. Ltd.
                        HeyReport
                        HJResearch
                        HnyB Insights
                        Huidian Research
                        ICON Group International
                        IDATE Consulting & Research
                        IDTechEx
                        IE Market Research Corporation
                        iGATE Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        IHL Consulting Group
                        Indagatio Research
                        IndustryARC
                        Infiniti Research
                        Infoholic Research
                        Information Trends
                        Innovative Research & Products
                        IS Advisors
                        JP Research
                        KBV Research
                        Ken Research 
                        Knowledge Sourcing Intelligence LLP
                        Koncept Analytics
                        Linarch Information Solutions
                        LP Information
                        Lucintel
                        Market and Business Development
                        Market Intelligence & Consulting Institute (MIC)
                        Market Research Future 
                        MarketLine
                        MarketsandMarkets
                        Meticulous Market Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        MicroMarketMonitor
                        Mind Commerce Publishing
                        NanoMarkets
                        Netscribes
                        Occams Business Research & Consulting
                        Omi Advisories
                        Orion Market Research Private Limited
                        Ovum
                        Parks Associates
                        Plimsoll Publishing
                        Plunkett Research, Ltd. 
                        Prof Research 
                        Progressive Markets (owned by Antviews Global)
                        QYResearch
                        Renub Research
                        ResearchFox Consulting 
                        ResearchInChina
                        RNCOS E-Services
                        S&P Consulting
                        SCRI International
                        Signals and Systems Telecom
                        Smart Research Insights
                        SMI
                        SNE Research
                        Stellar Analytics
                        Stratistics Market Research Consulting
                        Stratview Research
                        SunFaith China
                        TechSci Research
                        The Black Book of Outsourcing
                        The Business Research Company
                        The Insight Partners
                        Tuoda Research
                        US Market Insights (UMI)
                        Venture Planning Group
                        Visiongain
                        Williams & Marshall Strategy
                        WinterGreen Research
                        World Market Intelligence
                        Zion Market Research
                    



                            Found
                                 9960 publications                    



Global IC Card Management System Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,250.00
 ... , it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in IC Card Management System industry. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type ... China Japan India Southeast Asia Others Main Product Type IC Card Management System Market, by Type Smart Door Lock Fingerprint Readers Fuel ...  Aug, 2017 118 pages


Europe Workforce Analytics Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Europe Workforce Analytics market. Chapter 1, to describe Workforce Analytics Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Workforce Analytics ...  Aug, 2017 118 pages


Europe CAE Software Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ... the CAE Software in Europe market,  ... Europe CAE Software market. Chapter 1, to describe CAE Software Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of CAE Software ...  Aug, 2017 115 pages


North America Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 1,500.00
The Digital Signage Software Market in North America is expected to register a CAGR of 9.1% during the forecast period (2017 – 2023). Digital signage is a vital part of information and advertising network in the present ...  Jul, 2017 74 pages


Latin America, Middle East & Africa Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 1,500.00
The Digital Signage Software Market in Latin America, Middle East and Africa is expected to register a CAGR of 12.8% during the forecast period ( ...  Jul, 2017 87 pages


Global Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 3,600.00
 ... Based on the component type, the Digital Signage Software market is segmented into Software and Services. The Software market is further segmented into Content Management ...  covers the analysis of key stake holders of the digital signage software market. Key companies profiled in the report include Stratacache,  ...  Jul, 2017 260 pages


Europe Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 1,500.00
The Digital Signage Software Market in Europe is expected to register a CAGR of 9.7% during the forecast period (2017 – 2023). Digital signage is a vital part of information and advertising network in the present era ...  Jul, 2017 86 pages


Asia Pacific Digital Signage Software Market (2017 - 2023)
US$ 1,500.00
The Digital Signage Software Market in Asia Pacific is expected to register a CAGR of 12.6% during the forecast period (2017 – 2023). Digital signage is a vital part of information and advertising network in the present ...  Jul, 2017 87 pages


2017 Global Software Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 139 pages


2017 Global Software Defined Radio Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 138 pages


2017 Global Software-Defined Perimeter (SDP) Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 147 pages


2017 Global Software Defined Networking (SDN) Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 137 pages


2017 Global Software Defined Data Center (SDDC) Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 137 pages


2017 Global Software-as-a-Service (SaaS Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 141 pages


2017 Global Enterprise Social Software (ESS) Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 141 pages


2017 Global Accounting Softwares Industry Report
US$ 4,000.00
Aug, 2017 150 pages


Global Retail E-commerce Software Industry Market Research 2017
US$ 2,600.00
 ...  are the Retail E-commerce Software market challenges to market growth? 10. What are the Retail E-commerce Software market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Retail E-commerce Software market ...  Jul, 2017 151 pages


Global IC Card Management System Market Research Report 2017-2022 By Players, Regions, Product Types & Applications
US$ 2,380.00
The global IC Card Management System market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million  ...  strategies adopted by them is also covered in this report on IC Card Management System market. This report focus Global market, it covers details players regions product type ...  Jul, 2017 131 pages


Global Accounting Software Market Report 2017
US$ 2,350.00
 ...  maintained a relatively optimistic growth, the past four years, Accounting Software market size to maintain the average annual growth rate of 5.89%  ... next few years, Accounting Software market size will be further expanded, we expect that by 2021 , The market size of the Accounting Software will reach 14300  ...  Jul, 2017 115 pages


Europe Data Quality Tools Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Europe Data Quality Tools market. Chapter 1, to describe Data Quality Tools Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Data Quality Tools ...  Jul, 2017 117 pages


Europe Antivirus Software Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Europe Antivirus Software market. Chapter 1, to describe Antivirus Software Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Antivirus Software ...  Jul, 2017 124 pages


Asia-Pacific Accounting Software Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Asia-Pacific Accounting Software market. Chapter 1, to describe Accounting Software Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Accounting Software ...  Jul, 2017 115 pages


Global and United States Antivirus & Security Software Depth Research Report 2017-2022
US$ 3,190.00
 ...  all details inside analysis and opinion in Antivirus & Security Software industry. This report focus United States market, it covers details players regions product ... (Germany) F-Secure(Finland) NormanASA(Norway) Emsisoft(Austria) Key Regions United States California Texas New York Others Canada Mexico Europe Germany ...  Jul, 2017 118 pages


Asia-Pacific Retail E-commerce Software Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Asia-Pacific Retail E-commerce Software market. Chapter 1, to describe Retail E-commerce Software Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Retail E-commerce ...  Jul, 2017 118 pages


Asia-Pacific Educational Software Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
US$ 4,480.00
 ...  Software University Education Software Adult Education Software Elderly Education Software Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Quality-oriented Education Software Examination-oriented Education Software There are 19 Chapters to deeply display the Asia-Pacific Educational Software market ...  Jul, 2017 116 pages


Youth Team and League Sports Software Market Strategies and Forecasts
US$ 4,200.00
 ... youth and recreational teams move to automated process The youth sports software is sold or given away free to teams, leagues and tournaments. Often a league will distribute the software to teams, clubs, or tournaments. Sometimes teams ...  Jul, 2017 737 pages


Global and Europe IC Card Management System Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022
US$ 2,960.00
 ...  details inside analysis and opinion in IC Card Management System industry. This report focus Global and Europe market, it covers details players regions product type and other details as following: Key Players Infineon Technologies ABNOTE Smart Card ...  Jul, 2017 116 pages


Global Software Market for Autonomous Cars 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ...  cars with autonomous levels of 3 or above. The software for autonomous car is the software that makes the car autonomous. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global software market for autonomous cars ...  of software for newly manufactured autonomous vehicles. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Technavio's report, Global Software Market for Autonomous ...  Jul, 2017 69 pages


Global Personal Finance Software Market 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ...  growth prospects of the global personal finance software market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the installations of personal finance software, which are downloaded as mobile ... , Global Personal Finance Software Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape ...  Jul, 2017 62 pages


Global Contract Life-cycle Management Software Market 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ... ABOUT CONTRACT LIFE-CYCLE MANAGEMENT Contract life cycle management software enables the organization to manage the life cycle of the contracts created or governed by the company. These include third-party contracts such as procurement, sales, leasing ...  global contract life-cycle management market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sale of contract life cycle management software license ...  Jul, 2017 92 pages


Global Brand Management Software Market 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ... , and marketing communications. Brand management software is a software for managing brand assets. The software includes several features for data management and organization of brand assets. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global brand management software market to grow ...  prospects of the global brand management software market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the new installations/volume of the brand management software market. The market is divided ...  Jul, 2017 69 pages


2017-2022 Global and Japan Antivirus & Security Software Market Analysis Report
US$ 2,670.00
 ... 2022, with a CAGR of xx%. This report studies the Antivirus & Security Software development status and future trend in Japan, focuses on top players in Japan, also splits Antivirus ...  Jul, 2017 126 pages


Global Oil and Gas Project Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Oil and Gas Project Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Oil and Gas Project Management Software development status and ...  Market segment by Type, Oil and Gas Project Management Software can be split into By Deployment By Module Market segment by Application, Oil and Gas Project Management Software can ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global Network Analysis Module (NAM) Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Network Analysis Module (NAM) market, analyzes and researches the Network Analysis Module (NAM) development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 108 pages


Global Live Video Streaming Services Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Live Video Streaming Services market, analyzes and researches the Live Video Streaming Services development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global IoT Operating Systems Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global IoT Operating Systems market, analyzes and researches the IoT Operating Systems development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global Human Capital Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Human Capital Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Human Capital Management Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 105 pages


Global Electronic Signature Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Electronic Signature Software market, analyzes and researches the Electronic Signature Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India  ...  China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Electronic Signature Software can be split into On-Premises Electronic Signature Software Mobile Electronic Signature Software Cloud Electronic Signature Software Market segment by Application, Electronic Signature Software can be split into Large ...  Jul, 2017 107 pages


Global Catalog Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Catalog Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Catalog Management Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 101 pages


Global Video Editor Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Video Editor market, analyzes and researches the Video Editor development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 100 pages


Global Translation Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Translation Software market, analyzes and researches the Translation Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 107 pages


Global Photo Editor Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Photo Editor market, analyzes and researches the Photo Editor development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software market, analyzes and researches the Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software development status and forecast in United ...  by Type, Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software can be split into On Premise Software On-demand/Cloud based (SAAS) Market segment by Application, Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software can ...  Jul, 2017 95 pages


Global Image Editor Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Image Editor market, analyzes and researches the Image Editor development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 108 pages


Global Enterprise Collaboration Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Enterprise Collaboration Software market, analyzes and researches the Enterprise Collaboration Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 93 pages


Global Drug Safety Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Drug Safety Software market, analyzes and researches the Drug Safety Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 97 pages


Global Construction Estimating Software Market 2017 Industry Research Report
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the Construction Estimating Software market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of players, regions, product and  ...  top players in global and major regions, and splits the Construction Estimating Software market by product and Application/end industries. The major players in global market include UDA ...  Jul, 2017 127 pages


Global Auto Repair Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Auto Repair Software market, analyzes and researches the Auto Repair Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 105 pages


Global Auto Dealer Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Auto Dealer Software market, analyzes and researches the Auto Dealer Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 103 pages


Global Audit Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Audit Software market, analyzes and researches the Audit Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 102 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:
























Agency Services Manufacturers



















Home
Categories
Regions
Products
Trade Leads
Company Reviews
My Account



Welcome, GuestSign InSign Up

PositionHome - Business Services / Agency Services - List




Related ProductsBusiness Services / Agency Services















Related Trade LeadsBusiness Services / Agency Services

BuyProcurement of Diesel Locomotive Sapre Parts
CooperationThe 9th China (Guangzhou) International Billiards Exhibition
Sellexport persian hand-made carpet
CooperationManpower & Labor Recruitment
Cooperationvijaya management service
SellSecond hand shoe and clothing and stock lost
BuyWe Need Workers as Supermarket Services in UK
Cooperationpurchase agent
SellTrading Company, Agent, Distributor/Wholesaler
CooperationMOCS
BuyScrap Metal Removal & Sales
SellJyothi or Anil Kumar




Related RegionsAustralia400 Bangladesh774 Brazil163 Cameroon95 Canada527 China634 Egypt278 France101 Germany228 Hong Kong434 India3147 Indonesia650 Iran219 Italy153 Japan113 Malaysia631 Mexico116 Netherlands121 Nigeria705 Pakistan843 Philippines266 Poland110 Russian Federation143 Saudi Arabia121 Singapore432 South Africa488 South Korea246 Spain134 Taiwan164 Thailand328 Turkey534 Ukraine96 United Arab Emirates351 United Kingdom1724 United States3527 Vietnam265





univer international
we are in business since 1995 dealing in indenting, international tenders, equipments, chemicals, raw cotton, marketing, supply, distribution, etc.
Telephone+88-02-9585420Address44 Dilkusha C/A, 7th Floor, Dhaka - 1000, Bangladesh


Indus Trade Point
We can ensure that high-quality consumer products delivered to you on time and at exceptional value. We can assist you in choosing vendors, correct short listing, co-ordination dur...
Telephone9001960625Address11, Ramapeer colony, Ratanada Jodhpur


sewing solution systems
We feel immense pleasure to introduce our GOLDEN WHEEL industrial sewing machine from Taiwan. To meet the increasing demand of the international market. 01. DIRECT DRIVE MACHINE IN...
Telephone+91 0421 4340999AddressNo 12 Gnanaprakasem Street,Kumaran Road,Tirupur.


TWIN IMPEX INTERNATIONAL
Introducing ourselves as a reputed Exporter of Jute & Jute Goods Since long from Bangladeshand interested to develop business with your esteemed company. We shall appreciate if...
Telephone880-2-7193952Address81/3, FAKIRAPOOL ( 2ND FLOOR) , MOTIJHEEL, C/A


Juvics Mining Projects Pty Ltd
We are mandate holder of Chrome, Coal, Iron Ore,Manganese, Copper, Gold, Diamonds and Honey we sell and buy on behalf of the companies gave us mandate for more info call +27(0)711135589.
Telephone+27(0)711135589AddressP O Box 47 Driekop 1129


Adept Bizservices Private Ltd.
Adept Bizservices Private Limited is a company managed by qualified professionals to provide business services to overseas companies in India, the objective is to provide professio...
Telephone0091 22 28906720Address502, Gold Crest Business Centre, L T Road, Borivali West, Mumbai, India


BizON
BizON is located in ukraine.
Telephone+380674445300Address04215. Kiev, Ukraine


DBG ENGINEERING PVT LTD
We are a group of professionals having experience of more than 30 years in sourcing of automotive and engineering components from India for International customers. We work as buyi...
Telephone+919911175095Address370, RADHIKA APARTMENTS, SECTOR-14, DWARKA, NEW DELHI (INDIA)


Zedpoint Plus Human Resource Consultancy LLP
We are the most reliable recruitment agency from Kolkata India, we provide manpower services to the companies like EPC (OIL & GAS), Infrastructure,Infrastructure, Security Guard, Information Technology, Hospitality & Plantation.
Telephone+91 9007496869AddressR.O.:28/14/2, Nakuleswar Bhattacharjee Lane, Gr. Floor, Kolkata -700026, West Bengal, INDIA.


China Recycling Inspection Service Co.,Ltd
China Recycling Inspection Service Co.,Ltd, is an AQSIQ Organization in China.Our founder works for China AQSIQ department.With professional knowledge and good relationship in AQSIQ, we start our AQSIQ Application business since 2005.
Telephone86-18072956499Address789FuChun road


Vietnam Sourcing Consultants Co Ltd
Nowadays, under pressure to generate cost savings, many companies manage to cut out all middlemen and deal directly with manufacturers. However, via web portal research, email &amp...
Telephone+841692222144AddressNo 29, Lane 68/177/66, Nguyen Van Linh Street, Thach Ban Ward, Long Bien Dist, Hanoi, Vietnam


Lekshmi International
We are a reputed trading /exporter company in India and also we work as agents for the last 15 years.We are always looking for reputed buyers and sellers of products as mentioned above.
Telephone+9198 7148 3940AddressB-8/31-C Mayur Vihar, Phase-3, New Delhi India


CHINA CWT INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
"China CWT International Limited is a professional export agent founded in 2005 in Guangzhou China. Since the date of established it has been helping lots of overseas customer...
Telephone86-18620045496AddressAdd.:Room 2305,Building C1,Jiaxin Garden,No.489 XinGang Middle Road,Haizhu,Guangzhou,China


Cham & Aleppo company
This is eng samir from (Cham & Aleppo company) market.Our company is an International Trading Company, Syria based involved in the import & Export and General Commodity Trading of various types of products.
Telephone00963944334368Addresssyria dama


Mehr Afzoun Saman Co.
We are active in 4 major fields.1-Exporting dried fruits and nuts and Pistachio,Date with top quality Iranian products.2-We own 2 mines producing GILSONITE ( Natural Asphalt & Natural Bitumen.
Telephone+98 21 88104104 (10Address203 Yousef Abad Ave.5th Floor #10


Maurice International
We offer and provide the best of services to our clients, such as Export/Import of food, grains.spices,sugar, rice ,wheat,and milk powder products, cement, iron ores,garments and leather.
Telephone+919971337306AddressQ4/13 DLF Phase2, Gurgaon , Haryana .


Rima Trade
We are a company with a long-term experience, operating mainly in grocery and chemical industry.A particular and priority type of our operation is export of the brands known all over the world and of high-quality products.
Telephone0048795147650AddressGalkow Parcela 23


AR Traders
we are dealing in all kind of abrasive products like Jumbo Cloth Rolls in all grains , Cloth Sheets , Waterproof Sheets , Flap Discs , Cutting Discs , Grinding Wheels. We are inter...
Telephone0092 321 8882174AddressShop # 42 rehman st # 1 Nishter Road Lahore Pakistan


ARS Enterprises
We are dealing in all kind of abrasive products like Jumbo Cloth Rolls in all grains , Cloth Sheets , Waterproof Sheets , Flap Discs , Cutting Discs , Grinding Wheels. We are inter...
Telephone0092 321 8882174AddressShop # 42 rehman st # 1 Nishter Road Lahore Pakistan


Adventure Great Himalaya Treks and Expedition
Nepal Trekking & Tour Specialist since 1998 We are a government licensed trekking Agency in Nepal Kathmandu city offering a wide variety of travel services including trekking i...
Telephone+977-4701263AddressSaatghumti, Thamel, Kathmandu, Nepal



[1/11221234567891011Next]



Refine by Categories

Advertising2802
Agency Services22427
Assurance Services57
Auction48
Brokerage, Intermediary Service857
Business Travel Services4302
Certification, Inspection & Credit Management953
Computer & Information Technology Services1548
Construction Services67
Consulting11064
Corporate Register & Transfer86
Design Services5379
Education & Training446
Financial Services307
Insurance214
International Settlement Services186
Internet Service166
Labour & Employment524
Law Services146
Leasing Services104
Logistics Services6420
Packaging Printing628
Passport & Visa243
Processing Services5886
Project Cooperation5809
Public Relations Services6
Repairs & Maintenance108
Research & Development Services21
Royalties & License Services91
Security Services109
Telecommunication Services106
Trade Show Services1027
Tabletop Display1
Trade Show Tent8
Truss Display1
Other Trade Show Equipment8
Translation Services311
Other Business Services2252






Agency Services - Automatic Nozzle - Benzotriazole


About Us - Contact Us - Privacy Policy - Daily Updates - Report Abuse


Copyright 2008-2017 © All Rights Reserved
Global Trades From Here






Business Services Manufacturers



















Home
Categories
Regions
Products
Trade Leads
Company Reviews
My Account



Welcome, GuestSign InSign Up

PositionHome - Business Services - List




Related ProductsBusiness Services
















Related Trade LeadsBusiness Services

Sellsell display stands racks, shelf
SellAnimation production
Sell3D Scale models making by V-Studio
SellAnimation production Saudi Arabia by V-Studio
Sell3D Visualization Stills & Videso by V-Studio
SellVideo production Saudi Arabia by V-Studio
SellVideo production Saudi Arabia by V-Studio
BuyBuy rapeseed oil
BuyProcurement of Diesel Locomotive Sapre Parts
BuyCpper Cathode 99.99%
CooperationThe 8th Guangzhou International Solar Photovoltaic Exhibition 2016
SellSports goods and sports wear




Related RegionsAustralia1185 Bangladesh1191 Brazil643 Cameroon226 Canada1758 China2841 Egypt914 France313 Germany787 Hong Kong1629 India11783 Indonesia2347 Iran774 Italy557 Japan324 Malaysia2348 Mexico426 Netherlands422 Nigeria1762 Pakistan2357 Philippines1061 Poland353 Russian Federation575 Saudi Arabia397 Singapore1450 South Africa2522 South Korea538 Spain461 Taiwan575 Thailand1062 Turkey1731 Ukraine410 United Arab Emirates1227 United Kingdom6239 United States9161 Vietnam1275





Volta Group Corporation,PLLC
Engineers, Planners, Surveyors, Architech.
Telephone919.637.0273Address309 Chapanoke Road


BHAROTI HANDLOOM
We are manufacturer & Wholesale supplier of export quality khadi fabrics.Our company is 100% genuine khadi fabrics manufacturer.Our product -1.Hand loom khadi cotton fabrics(Muslin khadi) 2.
Telephone+919647858595AddressChak Berer para, Islampur, Murshidabad, Pin-742304, W.B


WORLD WIDE ENTERPRISES
1, We ourselves are manufacturers & exporters of all types of Horse English & Western saddles, Pads, Girths, Blankets, Stirrup, Stirrup Iron, Bridals, Reins, Polo sticks, B...
Telephone+923006305347Address18 SHAH FAISAL ROAD MODEL TOWN SIALKOT


First Class Heating & Air
A First Class Heating & Air preventative maintenance plan provides homeowners with a number of benefits.It ensures that the air inside your home is always clean and helps to improve energy efficiency by reducing energy consumption.
Telephone(647) 699-7369Address802-760 SHEPPARD AVE W


Aesteiron Steel
The Aesteiron Steels has drawn together under the one roof of the total spectrum of trading, stockholding and processing activities in Stainless Steel, Super Duplex Steel UNS S3275...
Telephone022-23453040Address107, Kika Street, 4th Floor,Umrao Bhavan, Gulalwadi,Mumbai - 400004


Nys Trading
Nys Trading are teaching to trade the markets since 2009.In very short period time company covered largest market of trading and investors.Our trading strategies based on many years of knowledge and experience.
Telephone(+972)52-599-9359AddressZarhan 14 street, Eilat, 88000 Israel


Suzhou Dazen Electromechanical Technology Co., Ltd.
Suzhou Dazen Electromechanical Technology Co., Ltd was established base on elevator company, who is Elevator and elevator parts full solution provider. We own stronger research and...
Telephone+86-512-67604536Address1-702,Jinsha Guangchang,6 of Weihua Road,Suzhou Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou,Jiangsu,China


GRACE FOODS CANADA INC.
If authentic Caribbean cooking thrills your taste buds, you’ve come to the right place.Grace Foods is one of the Caribbean’s largest and most dynamic food and beverage companies in the world.
Telephone(905) 886-1002Address70 West Wilmot Street


Kelton
Kelton is an insights and strategy consultancy located in Los Angeles, Chicago, New York and London. We help brands make a difference by offering comprehensive solutions that are w...
Telephone310-479-4040Address12121 Bluff Creek Drive, Suite 150,Los Angeles, CA


Ananya Fluoropolymer Coatings
Ananya Fluoropolymer Coatings, are a prominent service provider of high performance PTFE Coatings.Being an eminent firm, we are providing technologically advanced Coating Services to worldwide customers.
Telephone9480955999Address24, 19th Cross, Doddanna Industrial Estate, Peenya Second Stage, Bengaluru


Golden Chances Company for E-Commerce & Services
We are a registered company in Qatar. We are specialized in International Business, Marketing, Electronic Commerce and Trade. We are looking to gain an exclusive distribution and m...
Telephone0097430762459AddressDOHA-QATAR


EconoShield Windows and Doors
EconoShield is a family owned and operated Alberta window and door supplier and installation company.We have been serving Alberta homeowners with high quality, energy efficient windows and doors for many years.
Telephone403-454-3070Address320 65 Ave SE Unit F Calgary, AB T2H 0R8


JOYSEL EXPORTS
We JOYSEL EXPORTS are in Export& Import field from 2004 and have Vast contacts all over the world ,doing Metals and Minerals and we now enter Oil field as Buyer n Seller Consultant for Indian and Chinese Buying Companies.
Telephone+919566274505AddressB-20,N.G.O Colony ,Tirunelvelli ,Tamilnadu,India


Trans Africa Logistics LTD
Trans Africa Logistics LTD Is a freight forwarding company specialized in clearing air port merchandise,sea port port clearance ,rail and road cargo clearances.We provide warehouse...
Telephone+237 678903452AddressRue Port , Immeuble Sake


M3 Design Group
M3 Design offers an unparalleled attention to detail, a wide range of quality window treatments, and we pride ourselves on providing the highest level of customer service in the industry.
Telephone(416) 230-1236Address14-1750 Plummer Street Pickering, ON L1W 3W1


Arian Co.
We are very pleasure to introduce our company with extraordinary ability to supply the customer requests, especially in minerals, petrochemical and oil, and will be pleased to have good mutual cooperation with esteemed companies.
Telephone+989133101961AddressEsfahan, Iran


PROPRERA
We PROPRERA offering specialized real estate services to clients seeking increased value by owning, occupying and investing in Real Estate. Residential Properties Sale and Rent (Re...
Telephone+91 9702952299AddressDominic House, Kisan Nagar 3, Wagle Estate, Thane West


Matney Fence Co.
Working for commercial and residential customers, Matney Fence Co. is a full-service fence installation and fence repair company. Whether you are looking for a custom privacy fence...
Telephone781-520-0588Address4 Vassar Dr, Pelham, NH 03076


Quality Assessment Bureau
We Are Specializes In The Entire Range Of ISO Management System Certification Standards. Our Self Provide World Class Consulting Services For Achieving ISO 9001: 2015, ISO 14001, H...
Telephone9888223355AddressHathi Gate Amritsar


univer international
we are in business since 1995 dealing in indenting, international tenders, equipments, chemicals, raw cotton, marketing, supply, distribution, etc.
Telephone+88-02-9585420Address44 Dilkusha C/A, 7th Floor, Dhaka - 1000, Bangladesh



[1/37381234567891011Next]



Refine by Categories

Advertising2802
Agency Services22427
Assurance Services57
Auction48
Brokerage, Intermediary Service857
Business Travel Services4302
Certification, Inspection & Credit Management953
Computer & Information Technology Services1548
Construction Services67
Consulting11064
Corporate Register & Transfer86
Design Services5379
Education & Training446
Financial Services307
Insurance214
International Settlement Services186
Internet Service166
Labour & Employment524
Law Services146
Leasing Services104
Logistics Services6420
Packaging Printing628
Passport & Visa243
Processing Services5886
Project Cooperation5809
Public Relations Services6
Repairs & Maintenance108
Research & Development Services21
Royalties & License Services91
Security Services109
Telecommunication Services106
Trade Show Services1027
Tabletop Display1
Trade Show Tent8
Truss Display1
Other Trade Show Equipment8
Translation Services311
Other Business Services2252






Business Services - Bar Table - Bouffant Cap


About Us - Contact Us - Privacy Policy - Daily Updates - Report Abuse


Copyright 2008-2017 © All Rights Reserved
Global Trades From Here





SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd.



















































			Currency : $
		


$







contact
sitemap
















ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789

 








Categories



A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9













>
S>SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd.
			











SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd.

This SWOT Analysis of SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. provides a full SWOT analysis of the company's businesses and operations. The profile shows a comprehensive view of the company's key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats.
More details












Reference: 
SWT10100471



Quantity:




				This product is not sold individually. You must select at least 1 quantity for this product.
			


Availability:







Warning: Last items in stock!



























Share on Facebook


	Remove this product from my favorites


	Add this product to my favorites
 Print












Data sheet









SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. SWOT Analysis OverviewCategories: strategic management, strategic analysis, swot analysisTag: financial history, key competitors, key employeesDescription: The market shows growth potential. We see a growing market and believe that this trend will continue.This SWOT Analysis of SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. provides a strategic report of businesses and operations of the company. The SWOT analysis shows strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats. This SWOT analysis of SOFTBRAIN Co., Ltd. can provide a competitive advantage.This analysis contains 706 data points.Last update: July 2017.SWOT - Strengths-monetary assistance provided-existing distribution and sales networks-barriers of market entry SWOT - Weaknesses-future market size SWOT - Opportunities-global markets-venture capital-new markets SWOT - Threats-tax changes-increasing costs-cash flow-increasing rates of interest-rising cost of raw materials Business TrendsProfitabilityOutlookMarketThe industry shows a growth rate of about 6%.Industry specific SWOT analysis (Relevance/Importance)What happens in the underlying industry? Factors and trends affecting the overall industry and their implications for this business:Strengths-The market size is adequate. (10%, 49%)-We see low barriers of market entry. (31%, 26%)-The industry provides future trends. (29%, 38%) Weaknesses-We see high investments in research and development. (52%, 34%)-There is a competitive market. (25%, 36%)-Profitability could be higher in this industry. (38%, 35%) Opportunities-New technologies are available at reasonable costs. (54%, 41%)-The industry faces a recovery. (20%, 57%)-The industry shows a positive trend. (16%, 18%)-New trends can increase market size. (17%, 53%)-We see global growth opportunities. (33%, 25%) Threats-New products and technologies change demand. (20%, 26%)-Increasing costs might be possible. (58%, 53%)-The bargaining power of suppliers is high. (25%, 18%) A SWOT Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the history of the company, corporate strategy, business and financial structure, management and operations. The report contains a detailed SWOT analysis on products and services, key competitors, as well as detailed financial information.Data on this page may have come in part, or entirely, from one or more data providers. Please contact us for further information. We are not responsible for any errors or omissions on this page. This website is for information purposes only. This is a sample report.Comparable companies and industriesSee a list of comparable companies or industries depending on the similarity of SWOT elements. We use weighted SWOT factors and a clustering technique to identify similar objects.Coxon Precise Industrial Co.,Ltd SWOT AnalysisGlobal Education Group Plc SWOT AnalysisCanadian Royalties Inc. SWOT AnalysisMMC SWOT AnalysisMicromega SWOT Analysis







Top 5 SWOT Analysis Search AppleMicrosoftFacebookChina MobileYahoo Compliance Compliance is necessary to make sure that any business or action conducted by a company is within legal parameters. The compliance unit develops, initiates, maintains, and revises policies and procedures for the general operation of the compliance program and its related activities to prevent illegal, unethical, or improper conduct. Financial and strategic SWOT analysis A financial and strategic SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the company’s history, corporate strategy, financial data, business structure, business divisions and key operations. Each report contains a detailed SWOT analysis with additional information on the key competitors, market structure, major products, brands and services, as well as detailed financial data for the last 5 years. Due Diligence Due diligence is the process of systematically researching and verifying the accuracy of a financial statement, business or investment. SWOT Analysis – Advantages and Limitations Over the past decade, SWOT analysis has been extended beyond companies to products, organizations, countries and industries. Each professional business plan contains a SWOT analysis. What are the benefits and limitations? Advantages  You can use a SWOT analysis to summarize a complex situation. It is easy to understand and has little or no cost. Quantitative and qualitative information from different sources can be combined. Focus on the key internal and external factors affecting the organization. It is easy to perform and understand. It can be used fast.    Limitations  There is no weight or prioritization of factors. A SWOT analysis contains of a list of factors without further descriptions or links between factors. The analysis does not provide any solutions. It is only a description. 







 Free information
 Worldwide Coverage
 Free Listings
 Free Access
 Easy and Secure





Categories




A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9









Information

Specials New products
Top sellers Contact us
Legal Notice and Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions of use
About us
Sitemap





My account


My orders
My credit slips
My addresses
My personal info


				My favorite products
	


Sign out




Follow us

Facebook Twitter 





This site uses cookies so that we can improve your experience on our sites. You can read about cookie privacy policy by clicking on this link: Privacy Policy



Copyright © 2017 Weiner Consulting. All Rights Reserved. The content of this website is for informational purposes only.
Advisor4u | 
Advisor4u Jobmarket |
Advisor4u Companies |
Advisorgate Industries |
Businessplaninternational | 
Businessplaninternational Digital 
Businessplaninternational SWOT |
Businessplaninternational Datacenter |
Businessplaninternational Freelance | 
Businessplaninternational Marketplace | 
Businessplangate 
Businessplangate Companies |
Livingplace4u College |
Livingplace4u Jobs | 
Propertyplace4u |
Productplace4u |
Advisorgate |
Advisorgate Reports 
Advisorgate BPlans |
Advisorgate Financials |
Advisorgate Competition |
SWOTAnalysis24 |
SWOTData |
Advisorgate SWOT






 




























Softbrain Co., Ltd., Shanghai Municipality, China | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 













磐聚网

菜单 





磐聚网


解决方案

采购商
供应商
物流公司
政府机关
数据分析



产品

台
企业版
定制服务



数据

美国贸易数据
墨西哥贸易数据
巴西贸易数据
中 & 南美洲数据
中国贸易数据
趋势分析工具
磐聚网调研


价格详情
搜索

中文


English 

Español 







 在线演示 申请在线演示 

+86-21-6196-2555


登录 











Softbrain Co., Ltd.
磐聚网制作的企业页面 
 企业页面  供应商公司  中国







 查看 Softbrain Co., Ltd.公司的产品和客户 
成千上万家像您这样的公司使用磐聚网搜索供应商和竞争对手。


Request a Demo

        1 min video
      






轻松使用贸易数据



 查看中国贸易数据 Softbrain Co., Ltd.

完全覆盖21 HTS编码。中国贸易数据是另一个与美国进口数据分开的数据源。它包括HTS产品代码及他们的美元价值。 什么是HTS编码？ 




货运信息
总价值
HTS
货物描述


339

See detailed information about all 21 HTS codes for Softbrain Co., Ltd. with Panjiva's Chinese Trade Data add-on.Request a DemoorSign Up
 

243


185
$4,157,902
3926.90
Other:


中国贸易数据包括产品代码，价值, 及货运方式了解更多







联系信息Softbrain Co., Ltd.



 
 地址Shanghai Municipality, China 
 


 




           


    







成千上万的公司使用磐聚网研究供应商和竞争对手

申请在线演示











解决方案
采购商
供应商
物流公司
政府机关
数据分析




产品
台
企业版
定制服务




数据
美国
墨西哥
巴西
中、南美州
中国
磐聚网调研
合作伙伴




公司名
领导团队
董事会
博客
媒体评论
联系方式
职位



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA上海市徐汇区肇嘉浜路1065号1609D单元                ‌
Request a demo











English 

Español 

中文







使用条款
隐私条款
网站地图





2017年©Panjiva公司







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing

 






 





